Old Major, the old boar on the Manor Farm, calls the animals on the farm for a meeting, where he compares the humans to parasites. When Major dies, two young pigs, Snowball and Napoleon, assume command and turn Napoleon takes the pups from the farm dogs and trains them privately. The pigs elevate themselves to positions of leadership and set aside special food items.
Alex, a teenager living in near-future England, leads his gang on nightly orgies of opportunistic, random "ultra-violence" Alex's friends are: Dim, a slow-witted bruiser who is the gang Alex and Dim break into an isolated cottage and maul the young couple living there.
A plague outbreak is declared in a town in northern France. Homes are quarantined; corpses and burials are strictly supervised. In February, the town gates open and people are reunited with their loved ones from other cities. Despite the epidemic's ending, Jean Tarrou contracts the plague and dies after a heroic struggle.
Hume discusses the distinction between impressions and ideas. By "impressions", he means sensations, while by "ideas" he means memories and imaginings. According to Hume, the difference between the two is that ideas are less In this chapter, Hume discusses how thoughts tend to come in sequences, as in trains of thought.
The novel posits that space around the Milky Way is divided into concentric layers called Zones, each being constrained by different laws of physics. The outermost zone, the "Transcend", contains most of the galactic halo and is populated by incomprehensibly vast and powerful posthuman entities. A human expedition investigates a five-billion-year-old data archive that offers the possibility of unimaginable riches for the ambitious young civilization of the Straumli Realm.
The book tells the story of Paul Bäumer, a German soldier who-urged on by his school teacher-joins the German army shortly after the start of World War I. The book does not focus on heroic stories of bravery, but gives a view of the conditions in which the soldiers find themselves.
Ged is a young boy on Gont, one of the larger islands in the north of the archipelago of Earthsea. Ged discovers by accident that he has an extraordinary talent for magic. One day, he uses his The tale of his remarkable feat spreads far and wide, finally reaching the ear of a wise Gontish mage.
The story is set in an imaginary American town that has gone bankrupt. All the money is in the hands of Cora Hoover Hooper, the stylish, ruthless mayoress and her cronies. A mysterious stranger, J. Bowden Hapgood, arrives asking for directions to the Cookie Jar. He is instantly taken for the new assistant.
Deckard is acting as a consultant to a movie crew filming the story of his Blade Runner days. He finds himself drawn into a mission on behalf of the replicants he was once assigned to kill. Meanwhile, the mystery surrounding the beginnings of the Tyrell Corporation is being dragged out into the light.
Deckard has retired to an isolated shack outside the city, taking the replicant Rachael with him in a Tyrell transport container. He is approached by a woman who explains she is Sarah Tyrell, niece of Eldon Tyrell and heiress to the entire Tyrell Corporation. She asks Deckard to hunt down the "missing" sixth replicants.
The Israelites cross the Jordan through the miraculous intervention of God and his ark and are circumcised at Gibeath-Haaraloth. God commissions Joshua to take possession of the land and warns him to keep faith with the Covenant. An alliance of Amorite kingdoms headed by the Canaanite king of Jerusalem is defeated.
The Book of Ezra consists of ten chapters. chapters 1-6 cover the period from the Decree of Cyrus to the dedication of the Second Temple. chapters 7-10, dealing with the mission of Ezra, are told largely in the first person. The book contains several documents presented as historical inclusions.
God orders Moses, in the wilderness of Sinai, to number those able to bear arms&mdash;of all the men "from twenty years old and upward," and to appoint princes over each tribe. 603,550 Israelites are found to be fit for military service. Miriam and Aaron insult Moses at Hazeroth, which angers God; Miriam is punished with leprosy and is shut out of camp.
During the time of the Judges when there was a famine, an Israelite family from Bethlehem-Elimelech, his wife Naomi, and their sons Mahlon and Chilion-emigrate to the nearby country of Moab. The two sons of Naomi then die themselves. Naomi tells her daughters-in-law to return to their own mothers, and remarry. Ruth says, "Entreat me not to leave you, or to turn back from following you"
Ahasuerus, ruler of a massive Persian empire, holds a lavish party, initially for his court and dignitaries and afterwards for all inhabitants of the capital city Shushan. He orders the queen Vashti to display her beauty before the guests, but she refuses. Worried all women will learn from this, he removes her as queen and has a royal decree sent across the empire that men should be the ruler of their households. One of these is the orphan Esther, whose Jewish name is Hadassah. She finds favor in the king's eyes, and is made his new queen. Esther does not reveal that she is Jewish. Shortly afterwards, Mordechai discovers a plot by courtiers Bigthan and Teresh to assassinate Ahasueru.
The book of Job tells the story of an extremely righteous man named Job, who is very prosperous and has seven sons and three daughters. Constantly fearing that his sons may have sinned and "cursed God in their hearts", he habitually offers burnt offerings as a pardon for their sins. The "sons of God" and Satan present themselves to God, and God asks Satan his opinion on Job. Satan answers that Job is pious only because God has put a "wall around" him and "blessed" his favourite servant with prosperity.
Hosea was directed by God to marry a promiscuous woman of ill-repute. Marriage here is symbolic of the covenantal relationship between God and Israel. Israel has been unfaithful to God by following other gods and breaking the commandments. Israel is symbolized by a harlot who violates the obligations of marriage to her husband.
The plot centers on a conflict between Jonah and God. God calls Jonah to proclaim judgment to Nineveh, but Jonah resists and attempts to flee. The ship's crew cast Jonah overboard in an attempt to appease God. A great sea creature sent by God, swallows Jonah.
Samaria and Jerusalem are given prominence as the foci of the prophet's attention. Paronomasia is a literary device which 'plays' on the sound of each word for literary effect. The prophet depicts the coming of Yahweh to punish the city, whose sins are idolatry and the abuse of the poor.
Haggai's message is filled with an urgency for the people to proceed with the rebuilding of the second Jerusalem temple. Haggai attributes a recent drought to the peoples' refusal to rebuild the temple. The book ends with the prediction of the downfall of kingdoms, with one Zerubbabel, governor of Judah, as the Lord's chosen leader.
The story is told through the eyes of narrator James Ballard, named after the author himself. It centers on the sinister figure of Dr. Robert Vaughan, a former TV-scientist. Vaughan's ultimate fantasy is to die in a head-on collision with movie star Elizabeth Taylor.
Nine years after Emperor Paul Muad'dib walked into the desert, blind, the ecological transformation of Dune has reached the point where some Fremen are living without stillsuits. The Imperial high council has lost the political initiative and is powerless to control the Jihad. Leto II and Ghanima, sharing his prescience, have concluded that their guardian Alia has succumbed to possession by one of her ancestors.
Candide contains thirty episodic chapters, which may be grouped into two main schemes. One consists of two divisions, separated by the protagonist's hiatus in El Dorado; the other consists of three parts, each defined by its geographical setting. The tale of Candide begins in the castle of the Baron Thunder-ten-Tronckh in Westphalia.
The Bene Gesserit are the targets of the Honored Matres, whose conquest of the Old Empire is almost complete. The Matres are seeking to assimilate the technology and developed methods of the Bene GESSerit. The story ends on a cliffhanger with several questions left unanswered.
The story is presented by Le Fanu as part of the casebook of Dr Hesselius, whose departures from medical orthodoxy rank him as the first occult doctor in literature. The story is narrated by Laura, one of the two main Laura claims to have been bitten on the chest, although no wounds are found on her. Her father tells her of a letter he received earlier from his friend General Spielsdorf.
Homer Wells grows up in an orphanage where he spends his childhood "being of use" as a medical assistant to the director, Dr. Wilbur Larch. As a young man, Homer befriends a young couple, Candy Kendall and Wally Worthington, who come to St. Cloud's Orphanage for an abortion. Homer leaves the orphanage, and returns with them to Ocean View Orchards in Heart's Rock, near the Maine Coast. Wally and Homer become best friends and Homer develops a secret love for Candy.
The novel is told in epistolary format, as a series of letters, diary entries, ships' log entries, and so forth. The main writers of these items are also the novel's protagonists. The story is occasionally supplemented with Harker's mission to provide legal support to Dracula for a real estate transaction.
The protagonist of the novel is a retired country gentleman nearing fifty years of age. His reading of books of chivalry in excess has had a profound effect on him. He decides to go out as a knight-errant in search of He dons an old suit of armour, renames himself "Don Quixote de la Mancha" and names his skinny horse "Rocinante"
Deuteronomistic view of theology, insistence on worship of Yahweh as sole God of Israel, was the only permissible religion, sealed by the greatest of prophets. The final verses, Deuteronomy 34:10-12, "never again did there arise in Israel a prophet like Moses," state authoritatively.
12 years after the events described in Dune, Paul "Muad'Dib" Atreides rules as Emperor. By accepting the role of messiah to the Fremen, Paul had unleashed a jihad. The Bene Gesserit, Spacing Guild and Tleilaxu enter into a conspiracy to dethrone Paul.
Darwin's Dangerous Idea is the first book written by Charles Darwin. The book is divided into three parts. The first part is an extended critique of Stephen Jay Gould. The second part is called "Mind, Meaning, Mathematics and Morality" "Losing Our Minds to Darwin" is a new book by Daniel Dennett.
Death of a Hero is the story of a young English artist named George Winterbourne who enlists in the army at the outbreak of World War I. The book is narrated by an unnamed first-person narrator who claims to have known and served with the main character. It is divided into three parts. The first part details George's family history. The second part deals with George's London life.
The Israelites, enumerated at 603,550 able-bodied adult males and their families, with their flocks and herds, set out for the mountain of God. The people gather at the foot of the mountain, and with thunder and lightning, fire and clouds of smoke, and the sound God calls Moses up the mountain to receive a set of stone tablets containing the law.
Josef K. is unexpectedly arrested by two unidentified agents from an unspecified agency for an unspecified crime. The agents' boss later arrives and holds a mini tribunal in the room of K.'s neighbor, Fräulein Bürst K. receives a phone calling summoning him to court. No time is set and the address is given to him. The address turns out to be a huge tenement building.
Gregor Samsa is a traveling salesman. One day he wakes up to find himself transformed into a "ungeheuren Ungeziefer", literally "monstrous vermin" Gregor is determined to rid his family of his presence, so he dies.
Guy Montag finds his wife Mildred in bed with her Seashell ear radio in her ear, staring vacantly at the ceiling. Firemen are called in to burn down the house of an old woman who has been hoarding books. Captain Beatty, Montag's fire chief, personally visits him and tells him Censorship measures led to the banning of books. Montag burns his boss alive with a flamethrower.
Farmer Giles is not a hero. He is fat and red-bearded and enjoys a slow, comfortable life. But a rather deaf and short-sighted giant blunders on to his land. Giles manages to ward him away with a blunderbuss shot in his general direction. The people of the village cheer. His reputation spreads across the kingdom.
Harriet Vane returns reluctantly to Oxford to attend the Gaudy dinner. She is welcomed warmly by the dons and rediscovers her old love of the academic life. Some time later the Warden of Shrewsbury writes to ask for help. There has been an outbreak of anonymous letters, vandalism and threats.
The Gylfaginning tells the story of Gylfi, a king of "the land that men now call Sweden", who wonders if all Æsir use magic and tricks for their will to be done. On the way to Asgard he is tricked by the gods and arrives in some other place, where he finds a great palace. Inside the palace he encounters a man who asksGylfi's name and so king Gylf i introduces himself as Gangleri. He then is taken to the king of the palace and comes upon three men; High, Just-As-High, and Third. He is then challenged to show his wisdom by asking questions, as is the custom in many Norse sagas. Each question made to High is about an aspect of the Norse mythology.
 Emperor Leto II has ruled his Empire for more than 3,500 years. His continued evolution has slowly transformed him, altering his human form into what he calls a "pre-worm" His body has come to resemble a small version like a sandworm his biology is very vulnerable to water. During his long reign, Leto has enforced a state of peace throughout his empire.
God creates the world in six days and consecrates the seventh after giving mankind his first commandment: "be fruitful and multiply" God pronounces the world "very good", but it becomes corrupted by the sin of man and God sends a deluge to destroy it, saving only the righteous and his family, from whose seed the world is repopulated. Man sins again, but God has promised that he will not destroy the world a second time with water.
The novel unfolds against the backdrop of rebellion wherein seven southern states, Georgia among them, have declared their secession from the United States. The long tiring struggle for post-war survival begins that has Scarlett working in the fields. Rhett believes the war is a lost cause, he is running for the profit in it.
'Heart of Darkness' opens in first person narrative; our narrator establishes the setting aboard a sailboat. He describes his passage on ships to the wilderness - to the Company's station. The native who had been serving as helmsman, gave up steering to pick up a rifle and shoot it.
The story opens on a chilly night at Elsinore, the Danish royal castle. After hearing from Horatio of the Ghost's appearance, Hamlet resolves to see the Ghost himself. That night, the Ghost appears again. It claims that it is the actual spirit of his father, and discloses that he-the Polonius is Claudius's trusted chief counsellor and friend. Ophelia is alarmed by Hamlet's strange behaviour, reporting to her father.
Sandworms have reappeared on Arrakis and renewed the flow of the all-important spice melange to the galaxy. A girl called Sheeana has been discovered who can control the giant worms. The Bene Gesserit intends to use a Tleilaxu-provided Duncan Idaho ghola to gain control of this sandrider.
The story begins in fictional St. Petersburg, Missouri, on the shore of the Mississippi River, sometime between 1835 and 1845. Two young boys, Thomas "Tom" Sawyer and Huckleberry Finn, have each come into a Huck's life is changed by the sudden reappearance of his shiftless father "Pap", an abusive parent and drunkard.
Wilfred of Ivanhoe is disinherited by his father Cedric of Rotherwood. He supports the Norman King Richard and for falling in love with the Lady Rowena. Isaac of York offers to repay his debt to the palmer by offering him a suit of armour and a war horse.
Joe Bonham, a young soldier serving in World War I, awakens in a hospital bed after being caught in the blast of an exploding artillery shell. He gradually realizes that he has lost his arms, legs, and all of his face , but that his mind functions perfectly. Joe attempts suicide by suffocation, but finds that he had been given a tracheotomy which he can neither remove nor control.
Icehenge is part mystery, part psychological drama, and is set in three distinct time periods. The story shifts from a failed Martian political revolution of 2248, to an expedition to explore a mysterious monument on the north pole of Pluto three centuries later. Ultimately to a space station orbiting Saturn, home to a reclusive and wealthy woman who may hold the key to solving a mystery.
Chapters 1-5 describe the various sacrifices from the sacrificers' point of view, although the priests are essential for handling the blood. Chapters 7-10 describe the consecration of Aaron and his sons as the first priests, the first sacrifices, and God's destruction of two of Aaron's sons. With sacrifice and priesthood established, chapters 11-15 instruct the lay people on purity.
An artist, named Niggle, lives in a society that does not much value art. Working only to please himself, he paints a canvas of a great Tree with a forest in the distance. However, there are many mundane chores and duties that prevent Niggle from giving his work the attention it deserves, so it remains incomplete.
The Three Witches greet Macbeth and Banquo as they wander onto a heath. The witches tell them that they will father a line of kings, though MacBeth will not be one. The rightful heirs' flight makes them suspects and MacbETH hires two men to kill them. Macduff kills and beheads him, fulfilling the first part of the prophecy.
The plot of the novel has two distinct movements: the events at Microsoft and in Redmond, Washington, and the movement to Silicon Valley and the "Oop!" project. The novel begins in Redmond as the characters are working on different projects at Microsoft's main campus. The characters' lives change drastically once they leave the limited sphere of the Microsoft campus and enter the world of "One-Point-Oh"
Moby Dick is a novel by Herman Melville. It is about a group of whalers who encounter a whale. One of their boats is missing, and they are unable to find it. The next day, the Pequod meets Moby Dick. Finally the Delight is met, even as its captain buries a MobyDick.
In 1757, Moonfleet is a small village near the sea in the south of England. It gets its name from a formerly prominent local family, the Mohunes, whose coat of arms included a symbol shaped like a capital 'Y' Village legend tells of the notorious Colonel John "Blackbeard" Mohune who is buried in the family crypt. He is reputed to have stolen a diamond from King Charles I and hidden it.
Henry Dorsett Case is a low-level hustler in the dystopian underworld of Chiba City, Japan. Corto was a member of "Operation Screaming Fist," which planned on infiltrating and disrupting Soviet computer systems from ultralight aircraft dropped over Russia. Wintermute is one-half of a super-AI entity planned by the Tessier-Ashpool dynasty.
The action takes place in two periods: the Second World War and the late 1990s, during the Internet boom. In 1942, Lawrence Pritchard Waterhouse, a young U.S. Navy code breaker and mathematical genius, is assigned to the newly formed joint British and American Detachment 2702. At the same time, Japanese soldiers including mining engineer Goto Dengo are assigned to build a mysterious bunker in the mountains in the Philippines.
Klein argues that there has been a shift in the usage of branding. The book looks at the way in which manufacturing jobs move from local factories to foreign countries. Rising unemployment, labour abuses abroad, disregard for the environment and the ever-increasing presence of advertising breeds a new disdain for corporations. Klein concludes by contrasting consumerism and citizenship, opting for the latter.
The Odyssey begins ten years after the end of the ten-year Trojan War that is the subject of the Iliad. Odysseus' son Telemachus is about 20 years old and is sharing his absent father's house. Penelope objects to Phemius' theme, the "Return from Troy", because it reminds her of her missing husband.
The play opens with Roderigo, a rich and dissolute gentleman, complaining to Iago, a high-ranking soldier, that Iago has not told him about the secret marriage between Desdemona and Othello. Iago schemes to use Cassio to ruin O thello. He persuades Roderigo to engage Cassio in a fight. The brawl alarms the citizenry, and O Thello is forced to quell the disturbance.
On War is a work rooted solely in the world of the nation state, says historian Martin Van Creveld. He alleges that Clausewitz does not address any form of intra/supra-state conflict, such as rebellion and revolution. Clausewitz was a Prussian war planner concerned with how to use popular forces in an insurrectionary struggle.
The novel is set in a future world where global warming has resulted in global temperatures so high that in most of the world it is unsafe to be outside without special cooling gear. In a desperate bid to preserve humanity and ease population burdens on Earth, the UN rescues Palmer Eldritch's ship from a crash on Pluto. The novel opens shortly after Barney Mayerson, P.P. Layouts' top precognitive, receives a "draft notice" from the UN.
Ragle Gumm believes that he lives in the year 1959 in a quiet American suburb. He learns that his idyllic town is a constructed reality designed to protect him. He lives on a then-future Earth that is at war with its colonists on the Moon. Gumm has a unique ability to predict where the colonists' nuclear strikes will be aimed.
Bob Arctor is a member of a household of drug-users. He lives a parallel life as Agent Fred, an undercover police agent assigned to spy on Arctor's household. While supposedly only posing as a drug user, Arctor becomes addicted to "Substance D" The book ends with Bruce working at a New-Path farming commune, where he is suffering from a serious neurocognitive deficit.
In this alternate history the corrupt US President Ferris F. Fremont becomes Chief Executive in the late Nineteen-Sixties following Lyndon Johnson's administration. As with its successor, VALIS, this novel is autobiographical. Dick himself is a major character, though fictitious protagonist Nicholas Brady serves as a vehicle for Dick's alleged gnostic theophany.
The narrative opens with Mr Bingley moving into Netherfield Park in the neighbourhood of the Bennet family. Elizabeth arrives to nurse her sister and is thrown into frequent company with Mr Darcy. It soon becomes apparent that Mr Collins has come to Longbourn to choose a wife.
After Shade was murdered, Kinbote acquired the manuscript, including some variants, and has taken it upon himself to oversee the poem's publication. After Shade was killed, KinBote narrates how Gradus killed Shade by mistake. KinbOTE's second story deals with King Charles II, "The Beloved," the deposed king of Zembla. In the last note, to the missing line 1000, Kin botes how he is the exiled King Charles.
Pacific Overtures begins its journey to the present day in July 1853. Since the foreigners were driven from the island empire, there has been nothing to threaten the changeless cycle of their days. A minor samurai, Kayama is appointed Prefect of the Police at Uraga to drive the Americans away.
The play, set in Verona, begins with a street brawl between Montague and Capulet supporters who are sworn enemies. Later, Count Paris talks to Capulet about marrying his daughter, but Capulet asks Paris to wait another two years. Lady Capulet and Juliet's nurse try to persuade Juliet to accept Paris's courtship. Meanwhile, Benvolio talks with his cousin Romeo, Montague's son, about Romeo's recent depression. He discovers that it stems from unrequited infatuation for a girl named Rosaline, one of Capulet's nieces.
The play focuses on how an event becomes increasingly real as more Rosencrantz and Guildenstern appear in two scenes from Hamlet. The Tragedians are fleeing Denmark, because their play has offended Claudius. Hamlet switches the letter with one he has written himself, an act which takes place off stage in the play.
The novel opens in 2850. Louis Gridley Wu is celebrating his 200th birthday. He is confronted by Nessus, a Pierson's Puppeteer. Speaker-to-Animals and Teela Brown join the voyage. The team crash-lands on the Ringworld after their ship is disabled by its automated meteor defense system.
Mark Cohen, an aspiring filmmaker, begins a new documentary, as his roommate, Roger Davis, tunes up his guitar. Roger attempts to write a great song to make his mark on the world before he dies of AIDS. Joanne Jefferson receives a phone call from her parents, wondering why she is stage managing for Maureen's protest. Roger intercepts Mimi and apologizes for his behavior.
The "Rama" of the title is an alien star ship, initially mistaken for an asteroid. It is detected by astronomers in the year 2130 while still outside the orbit of Jupiter. Manned solar survey vessel Endeavour is sent to study Rama. The 20+ crew, led by Commander Bill Astronaut Jimmy Pak rides a smuggled skybike along Rama's axis to the far end.
When Mr. Dashwood dies, his estate, Norland Park, passes directly to his only son John, the child of his first wife. John and Fanny immediately take up their place as the new owners of Norland. Marianne is not pleased as she considers Colonel Mr. Willoughby's attentions so overt. Elinor fears that he no longer has feelings for her, but feels compelled to protect her family from knowing her heartache.
Andrew Wiggin leaves for Lusitania, a colony turned into a prison. Novinha is determined to ensure they never marry, the way they always planned to. Miro, with his crippled body, is sent into space to meet them. The Hive Queen is released, ready to begin the rebellion.
 Starship Troopers takes place in the midst of an interstellar war between the Terran Federation of Earth and the Arachnids of Klendathu. Most of the novel is spent on the monologues of two people: retired Lt. Col. Jean V. Dubois and Fleet Sergeant Ho.
Sir Gawain, youngest of Arthur's knights and his nephew, begs for the honour. The giant bends and bares his neck before him and Gawain neatly beheads him in one stroke. The Green Knight reveals himself to be the lord of the castle, Bertilak de Hautdesert. He explains that the entire adventure was a trick of the 'elderly lady'
The story is episodic. First we learn of Stuart's birth to a family in New York City and how the family adapts, socially and structurally, to having such a small son. He has an adventure in which he gets caught in a window-blind while exercising. Stuart strikes out to find her and bring her home.
Long before the events of the novel, the Dark Lord Sauron forges the One Ring to dominate the other Rings of Power and corrupt those who wear them. Isild Déagol falls under the Ring's influence and strangles his friend to acquire it. Frodo Baggins inherits the Ring from Bilbo, his cousin and guardian.
Huxley was given 4/10 of a gram of mescaline at 11:00 am one day in May 1953. By 12:30 pm, a vase of flowers becomes the "miracle, moment by moment, In this state, Huxley explains he didn't have an "I', but instead a "not-I'
The book's protagonist is an English scientist and gentleman inventor living in Richmond, Surrey. The narrator recounts the Traveller's lecture to his weekly dinner guests that time is simply a fourth dimension. In the new narrative, the Time Traveller tests his device with a journey that takes him to 802,701 A.D., where he meets the Eloi, a society of small, elegant, childlike adults.
The novel is set in the weeks following Nick's recapture after several years on the run. Nick becomes aware of experiments in genetic engineering being performed at Tarnover. Nick steals a personal ID code intended for privileged individuals who wish to live their lives without surveillance. He uses the stolen computer access code to cover his data trails and create new identities.
In 1976, Jack Torrance is an aspiring writer who is attempting to rebuild his marriage and career, both of which have been nearly ruined by two traits inherited from his late father: alcoholism and an explosive temper. Jack eagerly accepts a job as a winter caretaker at the Overlook Hotel, an isolated resort in the Colorado Rockies. Jack hopes that the seclusion will help him reconnect with his family and give him inspiration and the peace and quiet to help him write a new play. Jack, his wife Wendy, and their five-year-old son, Danny, who has telepathic abilities unknown to his parents, move into the Over Look. Danny's abilities make him immediately sensitive to supernatural forces within the hotel.
As a teenager, Mort had a personality and temperament that made him rather unsuited to the family farming business. Mort's father, named Lezek, felt that Mort thought too much, which prevented him from achieving anything practical. Lezek took him to a local hiring fair, hoping that Mort would land an apprenticeship with some tradesman. At the job fair, Mort at first has no luck attracting the interest of an employer. Then, just before the stroke of midnight, a man concealed in a black cloak arrives on a white horse. He says he is looking for a young man to assist him in his work and selects Mort for the job. The man turns out to be Death, and Mort is given a job ushering souls into the next world.
Sir Charles Baskerville is found dead on the grounds of his country house. The cause is ascribed to a heart attack. Dr James Mortimer travels to London and asks Sherlock Holmes for help. Holmes and Watson follow Sir Henry as he leaves his Baker Street apartment. They find Mrs. Stapleton bound and gagged in an upstairs room.
Gandalf tricks Bilbo into hosting a party for Thorin and his band of dwarves, who sing of reclaiming the Lonely Mountain and its vast treasure from the dragon Smaug. When the music ends, Gandalf unveils a map showing a secret door into the Mountain and proposes that the dumbfounded Bilbo serve as the expedition's "burglar" The dwarves ridicule the idea, but Bilbo, indignant, joins despite himself. The group travel into the wild, where Gandalf saves the company from trolls and leads them to Rivendell, where Elrond reveals more secrets from the map.
In the book, the narrator finds himself in a grim and joyless city, the "grey town", which is either hell or purgatory depending on how long one stays there. Shining figures, men and women whom they have known on earth, come to meet them, and to urge them to repent and enter heaven proper. The use of chess imagery as well as the correspondence of dream elements to elements in the narrator's waking life is reminiscent of Alice's Adventures in Wonderland.
The Screwtape Letters is a 1941 novel by C.S. Lewis. It is a series of letters from Screwtapes to Wormwood, the tempter in Hell. Lewis also wrote the sequel Screwtaped Proposes a Toast in 1959. A dramatized audio version by Focus on the Family was a 2010 Audie Award finalist.
The story takes place during the Spanish Inquisition. At the beginning of the story an unnamed narrator is brought to trial before various sinister judges. Before him are seven tall white candles on a table, and, as they melt, his hopes of survival diminish. He is condemned to death and finds himself in a pitch black compartment.
Marko Alexandrovich Ramius is a Lithuanian submarine commander in the Soviet Navy. He intends to defect to the United States with his officers on board the experimental nuclear submarine Red October. The Red October is equipped with a revolutionary stealth propulsion system, described as an arrangement of pump-jets nicknamed the "Caterpillar Drive"
CIA analyst Jack Ryan attends a diplomatic conference in Moscow as part of an American delegation to the Soviet Union. He learns that the CIA's most highly-placed agent, codenamed "CARDINAL", is none other than Colonel Mikhail Semyonovich Filitov. Ryan concocts a plan to both secure the return of Filtov and arrange the defection of the sitting KGB chairman, Nikolay Borissovich Gerasimov.
Japan's ruling corporate cabal decides to take military action against the U.S. Along with China and India, Japan plots to curtail the American presence in the Pacific. Japan launches the first phase of its assault, sending Self-Defense Force units to occupy the Mariana Islands. The invasion, conducted with commercial airliners and car carriers is virtually bloodless.
Rod Walker is a high school student who dreams of becoming a professional colonist. The final test of his Advanced Survival class is to stay alive on an unfamiliar planet for between two and ten days. Rod, acting on advice, chooses to equip himself with hunting knives and basic survival gear.
The Mismeasure of Man is a critical analysis of the early works of scientific racism about the supposed, biologically inherited basis for human intelligence. Gould proposed that most psychological studies have been heavily biased, by the belief that the human behavior of a race has no inherent value.
Dorian Gray is a young man who believes beauty is the only worthwhile aspect of life. He discovers amazing actress Sibyl Vane, who performs Shakespeare plays in a dingy theatre. Dorian rejects her, saying her beauty was in her acting, and he is no longer interested in her. Over the next 18 years, he experiments with every vice, mostly under the influence of a "poisonous" French decadence novel.
Lady Reason is a virtue developed by Christine for the purpose of her book. She helps Christine dispel her own self-consciousness and the negative thoughts of past writers. In Part II, Lady Rectitude says she will help Christine construct the houses and buildings inside the walls of the City of Ladies. Part III marks Lady Justice's joining with Christine to add the finishing touches.
The story deals with the discovery of an artifact on Earth's Moon left behind eons ago by ancient aliens. The object is made of a polished mineral and tetrahedral in shape, and is surrounded by a spherical forcefield. The narrator speculates that for millions of years the artifact has been transmitting signals into deep space, but it ceases to transmit when it is destroyed.
In the 22nd century, Dr Vannevar Morgan is a famous structural engineer. He hopes to develop the 'space elevator' from a theoretical concept to reality. The only suitable starting point for the elevator lies at the summit of a mountain in Taprobane occupied by an ancient order of Buddhist monks.
A British plane crashes onto an isolated island in a remote region of the Pacific Ocean. The only survivors are male children below the age of 13. Two boys, the fair-haired Ralph and an Ralph asserts two primary goals: to have fun and to maintain a smoke signal that could alert passing ships to their presence on the island.
Alice meets the Red Queen, who offers to make her a queen if she can move all the way to the eighth rank/row in a chess match. The March Hare and Hatter of the first book make a brief re-appearance in the guise of "Anglo-Saxon messengers" called "Haigha" and "Hatta" Newly crowned Alice finds herself in the company of both the White and Red Queens.
Waiting for Godot follows a pair of men who divert themselves while waiting expectantly, vainly for someone named Godot to arrive. They eat, sleep, converse, argue, sing, play games, exercise, swap hats. Throughout the play, experienced time is attenuated, fractured or eerily non.
The novel is set in a future a few decades ahead of the 1960s, when it was written. A new planet appears out of nothing close to the Moon, shortly after a total lunar eclipse. Over a period of few days the planet appears to consume the Moon. The novel follows the lives of people around the globe.
The story is set nine years after the failure of the Discovery One mission to Jupiter. A joint Soviet-American crew, including Heywood Floyd from 2001, on the Soviet spaceship Alexei Leonov arrives. The Leonov crew flees Jupiter as the swarm of monoliths spread to engulf the planet. By acting as self-replicating 'von Neumann' machines,
The novel opens in London in 632. The vast majority of the population is unified under the World State. Natural reproduction has been done away with. Children are created, 'decanted' and raised in Hatcheries. Members of lower castes are not unique but are instead created using the Bokanovsky process which enables a single egg to spawn up to 96 children.
The Aeneid can be divided into two halves based on the disparate subject matter of Books 1-6 and Books 7-12. The story proper begins in medias res, with the Trojan fleet in the eastern Mediterranean, heading in the direction of Italy. In Book 6, Aeneas descends into the underworld through an opening at Cumae and is offered a prophetic vision of the destiny of Rome.
The poem follows the epic tradition of starting in medias res , the background story being recounted later. It begins after Satan and the other rebel angels have been defeated and banished to Hell, or Tartarus. The story of Adam and Eve's temptation and fall is a fundamentally different, new kind of epic: a domestic one.
Bassanio, a young Venetian of noble rank, wishes to woo the beautiful and wealthy heiress Portia of Belmont. Shylock is determined to exact revenge from Christians after his daughter Bassanio and Gratiano leave for Venice to save Antonio's life.
A mysterious stranger, Griffin, arrives at the local inn of the English village of Iping, West Sussex, during a snowstorm. The stranger wears a long-sleeved, thick coat and gloves, his face hidden entirely by bandages except for a fake pink nose, large goggles and a wide-brimmed hat. He is excessively reclusive, irascible, and unfriendly. He spends most of his time in his rooms working with a set of chemicals and laboratory apparatus.
In 1866, a mysterious sea monster, theorized by some to be a giant narwhal, is sighted by ships of several nations. The United States government assembles an expedition in New York City to track down and destroy the menace. Professor Pierre Aronnax, a noted marine biologist and narrator of the story, is issued a last-minute invitation to join the expedition, and he accepts. The expedition sets sail from Brooklyn aboard a naval ship called the Abraham Lincoln, which travels down around the tip of South America and into the Pacific Ocean. After much fruitless searching, the monster is found and the ship charges into battle.
Gordon Comstock has 'declared war' on what he sees as an 'overarching dependence' on money. Comstock lives in a bedsit in London and earns enough to live, without luxuries, in a small bookshop. He is simultaneously content with his meagre existence and also disdainful of it.
The story follows the hero, the Chevalier des Grieux, and his lover, Manon Lescaut. Set in France and Louisiana in the early 18th century, the book is set in New Orleans. The couple flee New Orleans and venture into the wilderness of Louisiana, hoping to reach a neighbouring English settlement. Manon dies of exposure and exhaustion the following morning; after burying her, Des Grieaux returns to France to become a cleric.
The code will run on a PDP-11/40 with RK-05 disk drive, LP-11 line printer interface, PCL-11 paper tape writer and KL-11 terminal interface. All procedures and symbols are listed alphabetically with a cross reference. The book ends with suggested exercises for the student.
 essay is dedicated to Pascal Pia and is organized in four chapters and one appendix. Camus undertakes to answer what he considers to be the only question of philosophy that matters: Does the realization of the meaninglessness and absurdity of The absurd arises when the human need to understand meets the unreasonableness of the world.
Imogen is the daughter of the British king Cymbeline. She is in love with Posthumus Leonatus, a man raised in her father's court. The two have secretly married, exchanging jewellery as tokens. The Queen is conspiring to have Cloten, her cloddish son, married to Imogen.
Sir Pitt's elder half sister, the spinster Miss Crawley, is very rich, having inherited her mother's fortune of £70,000. How she will bequeath her great wealth is a source of constant conflict between the The Sedleys and Osbornes. The relationship between the two families disintegrates after the Sedleys are financially ruined.
Catherine Morland is one of ten children of a country clergyman. She is excessively fond of reading Gothic novels of which Ann Radcliffe's Mysteries of Udolpho is a favourite. Catherine is invited by her wealthier neighbours in Bath to stay at their home. Catherine becomes acquainted with John, a vain and crude young gentleman.
Shaffer has extensively revised his play, including changes to plot details. At the opening of the tale, Salieri is convinced he used poison to assassinate Mozart. The action then flashes back to the eighteenth century, at a time when Salieri has not met Mozart in person, but has heard of him and his music.
The Mariner's tale begins with his ship departing on its journey. Despite initial good fortune, the ship is driven south off course by a storm and eventually reaches Antarctica. An albatross appears and leads them out of the Antarctic but the Mariner shoots the bird.
Rand al'Thor, Matrim Cauthon, Perrin Aybara, Egwene al'Vere, and Nynaeve al'Meara. Emond's Field is unexpectedly attacked by Dark forces-bestial Trollocs and a Myrddraal. The travellers are forced to take refuge in the abandoned city of Shadar Logoth.
Nynaeve al'Meara and Egwene al'Vere accompany Moraine to Tar Rand. Loial and Hurin are separated from the Shienaran party and transported to an alternate world via a portal stone. Ba'alzamon presides over a clandestine meeting as Shadow forces plot their actions and Shaitan's return.
Rand al'Thor, the Dragon Reborn, prepares to attack the Forsaken Sammael in Illian. Egwene al'Vere and Siuan Sanche attempt to manipulate the Aes Sedai rebels in Salidar. Elayne Trakand, Nynaeve al'Meara, Aviendha, and Mat Cauthon search for a ter'angreal to break the unnatural heat.
The events of Winter's Heart take place simultaneously with the events of the next book, Crossroads of Twilight. Rand al'Thor, the Dragon Reborn, is bonded as a Warder by Elayne Trakand, Aviendha, and Min Farshaw. Mat Cauthon, making his return to the series after his absence in the previous book, is trapped in the city of Ebou Dar.
Phileas Fogg is a rich English gentleman and bachelor living in solitude at Number 7 Savile Row, Burlington Gardens. He accepts a wager for £20,000 from his fellow club members. He will receive if he makes it around the world in 80 days. Accompanied by Monsieur Passepartout, he leaves London.
Tom Joad is paroled from prison after serving time for homicide. He and former preacher Jim Casy travel to his childhood farm home in Oklahoma. They find it deserted and are told the family has gone to stay at Uncle John Joad's home nearby. The Joads find little hope of making a decent wage, as there is oversupply of labor and a lack of rights.
The novel is set in South Wales in the reign of Queen Victoria. It tells the story of the Morgans, a respectable mining family of the South Wales Valleys. Huw Morgan's academic ability sets him apart from his elder brothers. After everyone Huw has known either dies or moves away, he decides to leave as well.
The novel opens with the marriage of Lucy Graham, a beautiful, doll-like blonde who enchants almost all who meet her. Around the time of the marriage, Sir Michael's nephew, barrister Robert Audley cares for his friend, George. Robert begins to take notes of the events as they unfold. His notes indicate the involvement of Lady Audley, much to his chagrin.
Blanche DuBois is a fading, but still-attractive, Southern belle. Her pretensions to virtue and culture only thinly mask alcoholism and delusions of grandeur. The character of Blanche is thought to be based on Rose Williams who struggled with her mental health and became incapacitated after a lobotomy.
The Queen of the Damned is the fifth novel in the series by Anne Lamott. The book deals with the origins of vampires. The mother of all vampires, Akasha, begins as a pre-Egyptian queen. In Part Five, the vampires leave Maharet's compound and assemble at Arm.
Lemuel Gulliver was born in 1699 and died in 1702. The book is about a young man who travels the world. He is a prisoner of a tiny people, less than 6 inches tall. The Queen of Brobdingnag buys him and keeps him as a favourite at court.
Celie, the protagonist and narrator, is a poor, uneducated, 14-year-old black girl living in the South. She starts writing letters to God because her father, Alphonso, beats and rapes her. Shug Avery comes to town to sing at a local bar, but Celie is not allowed to go see her. The two women become friends as Celie takes charge of nursing Shug.
The play features three interlocking plots, connected by a celebration of the wedding of Duke Theseus of Athens and the Amazon queen, Hippolyta. It is set simultaneously in the woodland and in the realm of Fairyland. Under the Quince reads the names of characters and bestows them to the players.
The historical backdrop for this novel is the Second World War in Northern Africa and Italy. Hana, a young Canadian Army nurse, lives in the abandoned Villa San Girolamo in Italy. The patient is László de Almásy, a Hungarian desert explorer who was part of a British cartography group.
Harvey Cheyne is the son of a wealthy railroad magnate and his wife, who are over-indulgent parents in San Diego, California. Washed overboard from a transatlantic steamship and rescued by fishermen off the Grand Banks of Newfoundland. Through a series of trials and adventures, the youth learns to adjust to his rough new life.
Rama is the son of Dasharatha, the king of Ayodhya. He is followed by Lakshmana, his constant companion throughout. Rama and Sita meet Hanuman, the greatest of monkey heroes and an adherent of Sugriva, the banished pretender to the throne of Kishkindha. The episode of agni pariksha varies in the versions of Ramayana by Valmiki and Tulsidas.
The novel features scenes and events including the discovery of a near-dead alien in the desert. There is another alien faction at work, however, represented on Earth by small spider-like robots. They frantically collect all the human data, biological records, tissue samples, seeds, and DNA from the biosphere that they can. In space, this faction's machines combat and eventually destroy the attackers.
In the novel, renegade biotechnologist Vergil Ulam creates simple biological computers based on his own lymphocytes. Faced with orders from his nervous employer to destroy his work, he injects them into his own body. Inside Ulam's body, the noocytes multiply and evolve rapidly, altering their own genetic material and quickly becoming self-aware. The nanoscale civilization they construct soon begins to transform Ulam, then others.
The story deals with the life of T. S. Garp. His mother, Jenny Fields, is a strong-willed nurse who wants a child but not a husband. Jenny nurses Garp, observing his infantile state and almost perpetual sexual arousal. The story is decidedly rich with "lunacy and sorrow"
The novel tells the story through a fictional first-person narrator by the name of Roger Byam. Byam, although not one of the mutineers, remains with the Bounty after the mutiny. He subsequently returns to Tahiti, and is eventually arrested and taken back to England to face a court-martial.
Keel's account of his investigation into alleged sightings of a large, winged creature called Mothman in the vicinity of Point Pleasant, West Virginia, during 1966 and 1967. His theories about UFOs and various supernatural phenomena, ultimately connecting them to the December 15, 1967, collapse of the Silver Bridge across the Ohio River.
Humanity has lived for 40 million years on a planet called Harmony, after leaving an Earth that has been destroyed by human conflict. In order not to repeat the mistakes that led to the destruction of civilization on Earth, a computer, known as the Oversoul, was left as guardian of this planet. Its main mission was to prevent humans from developing technologies that could make wars a global affair. The Oversoul uses this connection to make humans quite easily distracted when thinking about forbidden technologies.
A top secret research facility hidden in the Colorado mountains is the last remaining outpost of the United States Army after its defeat by the PanAsians. The conquerors had absorbed the Soviets after being attacked by them and had then gone on to absorb India as well. The invaders are depicted as ruthless and cruel-for example, they crush an abortive rebellion by killing 150,000 American civilians as punishment.
The film is about an agency that captures a live slug. One agent becomes "hagridden" without them realizing it. The agent is unmasked, subdued and confined. Slugs are shipped through the mail to recruit more humans. Gradually they infect more and more important people.
The Chorus calls for a "Muse of fire" so that the actor playing King Henry can "assume the port bearing of Mars" The chorus tells the audience "We'll not offend one stomach with our play" The action ends with the French king adopting Henry as his heir to the French throne.
Toad is rich, friendly and kind-hearted but aimless and conceited. He regularly becomes obsessed with current fads, only to abandon them as quickly as he took them up. Toad's current craze is his horse- Rat, Mole and Toad travel in a caravan. The book contains several These appear for the most part between the chapters chronicling Toad's adventures.
The Baker recalls that his uncle once warned him that, though catching Snarks is all well and good, you must be careful. Along the way, the Butcher and Beaver -previously mutually wary for the Butcher's specialty in preparing beavers- become fast friends. The Barrister falls asleep and dreams of a court trial defended by the Snark, and the Banker loses his sanity after being attacked by a frumious Bandersnatch.
The book tells the story of Jonathan Livingston Seagull, a seagull who is bored with the daily squabbles over food. Jonathan transcends into a society where all the gulls enjoy flying. In this other society, real respect emerges as a contrast of the coercive force that was keeping the former "Breakfast Flock" together.
Main character is Robert Neville, apparently the sole survivor of a pandemic whose symptoms resemble vampirism. The narrative details Neville's daily life in Los Angeles as he attempts to comprehend, research, and possibly cure the disease. Neville survives by barricading himself by sunset inside his house, further protected by garlic, mirrors, and crosses.
Part One begins with Meursault finding out of his mother's death. He later encounters Marie, a former employee of his firm, and the two become re-Meursault helps his friend and neighbour, Raymond Sintès, take revenge on a Moorish girlfriend suspected of infidelity. He does not divulge to the reader any specific reason for his crime. In prison, while awaiting the execution of his death sentence by the guillotine, he meets with a cha
Japan established the puppet Pacific States of America out of Alaska, California, Hawaii, Oregon, parts of Nevada and Washington as part of the Greater East Asian Co-Prosperity Sphere. After Adolf Hitler's syphilitic incapacitation, Martin Bormann, as Nazi Party Chancellor, assumes power. He proceeds to create a colonial empire to increase Germany's Lebensraum.
After World War II, three teenage boy rocket experimenters are recruited by the uncle of one of them. They refit a conventionally-powered surplus "mail rocket" to run on a thorium nuclear pile which boils zinc as a propellant. After establishing a semi-permanent structure based on a Quonset hut, they claim the moon on behalf of the United Nations. They discover that there is a Nazi base on the Moon.
Matt Dodson applies to join the prestigious Space Patrol in 2075. He makes friends with fellow recruits William 'Tex' Jarman, Venus-born Oscar Jensen, and Pierre Armand from Ganymede. Their first real mission is to help search for a missing research vessel, the Pathfinder, in the Asteroid Belt.
Don Harvey is a young man who wants to go to his scientist parents on Mars. He boards a shuttle to a space station orbiting the Earth. The station doubles as a transshipment terminus and a military base. Harvey gets caught up in the Venusian war of independence when the station is captured.
Max Jones works the family farm in the Ozark Mountains. With his father dead and his stepmother remarrying a man he detests, Max runs away from home, taking his uncle's astrogation manuals. Along the way, he finds a friendly face in hobo Sam Anderson, who later alludes to being a deserter from the Imperial Marines.
 Podkayne is 15 in Earth years while her genius younger brother Clark is 11 earth years. Much of the description of the voyage is based on Heinlein's own experiences as a naval officer and world traveler. The liner makes a stop at Venus, which is depicted as a latter-day Las Vegas gone ultra-capitalistic. She begins to realize that Tom is much more than just her pinochle.
Story of O is a tale of female submission about a beautiful Parisian fashion photographer, O. O is blindfolded, chained, whipped, branded, pierced, made to wear a mask, and taught to be constantly available for oral, vaginal, and anal intercourse. Despite her harsh treatment, O grants permission beforehand for everything that occurs.
An ancestor of John Thomas Stuart XI brought the alien, long-lived Lummox home from an interstellar voyage. The articulate, sentient pet he inherited has gradually grown from the size of a collie pup to a ridable behemoth-especially after consuming a used car. A court tries to have it destroyed, but is unable to do so. Meanwhile, representatives of an advanced, powerful and previously unknown alien race appear and demand the return of their lost child.
MI6 agent James Bond is sent by his superior, M, on a "rest cure" to Jamaica. His task is to investigate the disappearance of Commander John Strangways, the head of MI6 Station J in Kingston, Jamaica, and his secretary. Bond is briefed that Strangway had been investigating the activities of Dr. Julius No, a reclusive Chinese-German who lives on Crab Key and runs a guano mine.
Wildfire is hidden in a remote area near the fictional Andromeda. Andromeda grows only within a narrow pH range; in a too-acid or too-basic growth medium, it will not multiply. Andromeda eventually mutates to a benign form and is suspected to have migrated to the upper atmosphere, where the oxygen content is lower.
Before the start of the novel, Voldemort kills Harry's parents but mysteriously vanishes after trying to kill the infant Harry. After ten years, Harry becomes an eleven year-old boy. Rubeus Hagrid tells Harry that he is a wizard and has been accepted at Hogwarts. Harry joins Gryffindor's Quidditch team.
From Chapter III to Chapter X, where the narrator obtains a job at "Hotel X," he describes his descent into poverty, often in tragi-comic terms. The narrative is interspersed with anecdotes recounted by some of the minor characters, such as Valenti, an Italian waiter at Hotel X.
Lionel's father was a friend of the king before he was cast away because of his gambling. Lionel's father left to take his life, but before he did so he left a letter for the king to take care of his Lionel and his sister grow up with no parental influence. The story ends in the year 2100.
The novel is set in the late 1960s and 1970s. The story is told in the first person by Angel Archer, Bishop Archer's daughter-in-law. The character of Bishop Archer is loosely based on the controversial, iconoclastic Episcopal Bishop James Pike, who in 1969 died in the Judean Desert.
Four billion years in Earth's past, a group of Salaxalans attempts to populate the earth. A mistake caused by their engineer causes their landing craft to explode. The ghost of the Salaxalan engineer roams the earth waiting to undo his mistake. It finds it can only possess individuals that fundamentally want to do the same task it is trying to accomplish.
Dragonflight chronicles the story of Lessa, the sole survivor of the noble ruling family of Ruatha Hold on the northern continent of Pern. When the rest of her family is killed by a cruel usurper, Fax, she survives by disguising herself as a drudge. Lessa uses her hereditary telepathic abilities to make others see her as far older and less attractive than she actually is.
The protagonist in the story is Nell, a thete living in the Leased Territories, a lowland slum belt on the artificial, diamondoid island of New Chusan. At the age of four, Nell receives a stolen copy of an interactive book, Young Lady's Illustrated Primer: a Propædeutic Enchiridion in which is told the tale of Princess Nell and her various friends, kin, associates. The story follows Nell's development under the tutelage of the Primer, and to a lesser degree, the lives of Elizabeth and Fiona, girls who receive similar books.
The story begins on Epiphany , 1482, the day of the Feast of Fools in Paris, France. Esmeralda, a beautiful Gypsy with a kind and generous heart, captures the hearts of many men. Quasimodo, a deformed hunchback who is the bell-ringer of Notre Dame, is introduced by his crowning as the Pope of F fools.
Alice is feeling bored while sitting on the riverbank with her sister, when she notices a talking, clothed White Rabbit with a pocket watch run past. She follows it down a rabbit hole when suddenly she falls a long way to a curious Alice is unhappy and cries as her tears flood the hallway. A cake with "EAT ME" on it causes her to grow to such a tremendous size her head hits the ceiling.
Now Wait for Last Year is the story of Eric Sweetscent, an organ-transplant doctor who gets wrapped up in Earth-Lilistar politics. His wife tries JJ-180, a new hallucinogenic drug which proves to be highly toxic and addictive. Eric slips a year into the future of an alternate world where his colleagues inform him that he disappeared the day Kathy came to visit.
A group of friends decide to explore a different world before returning to England. They find themselves in a desolate abandoned city of the ancient world of Charn. The children realize Jadis&#39;s evil nature and attempt to flee. She follows them back to England by clinging to them as they clutch their rings.
Ojo the Unlucky is a Munchkin boy who, devoted to life with his uncle Unc Nunkie in the wilderness, goes to see a neighboring "magician" and old friend of Unc's, Dr. Pipt. While there they see a demonstration of the Pipt-made Powder of Life, which animates any object it touches. The remainder of this book is Ojo's quest through Oz to retrieve the five components of an antidote to the Liquid: a six-leaved clover found only in the Emerald City, three hairs from the tip of a Woozy's tail, a gill of water from a dark well, and the left wing of a yellow butterfly.
The memoir of Maureen Johnson Smith Long, mother, lover, and eventual wife of Lazarus Long. Maureen is ostensibly recording the events of the book while being held in a future prison, awaiting her uncertain fate. She is eventually rescued by Lazarus Long and other characters drawn from various novels in the ship "Gay Deceiver" Maureen lives through, and gives her viewpoints on many events in other Heinlein stories.
Down-and-out actor Lawrence Smith is hired by a spaceman to double for a public figure. Smith is forced to impersonate one of the most prominent politicians in the solar system. The central political issue in the election is the granting of the vote to Martians in the human-dominated Solar System.
The Long Range Foundation is a non-profit organization that funds expensive, long-term projects for the benefit of mankind. It has built a dozen exploratory starships to search for habitable planets to colonize. It is found that some twins and triplets can communicate with each other telepathically. The process seems to be instantaneous and unweakened by distance.
Thorby is a young, defiant slave boy recently arrived on the planet Jubbul. He is purchased by an old beggar, Baslim the Cripple, for a trivial sum and taken to the beggar's underground home. Thereafter Baslim treats the boy as a son, teaching him not only the trade of begging, but also mathematics and history.
The story focuses on a human raised on Mars and his adaptation to, and understanding of, humans and their culture. The story is portrayed as an amplified version of the consumerist and media-driven 20th-century United States. "The Church of All Worlds" is about a Martian-influenced cult.
Evelyn Cyril "E.C." Gordon is recently discharged from an unnamed war in Southeast Asia. He is presented with a dilemma: follow up on a possible winning entry in the Irish Sweepstakes or respond to a newspaper ad which asks "Are you a coward?". He settles on the latter discovering it has been placed by Star, a stunningly gorgeous woman he had previously met on Île du Levant. Star informs him that he is the one to embark on a perilous quest to retrieve the Egg of the Phoenix.
In 2075, underground colonies are scattered across the Moon, of whom most inhabitants are criminals, political exiles, or descendants thereof. The total population is about three million, with men outnumbering women 2:1, so that polyandry is the norm. Earth's Protector of the Lunar Colonies holds power, in practice there is little intervention in the loose Lunar society.
The story takes place about 2015 AD, against a background of an overpopulated Earth. The dysfunctional society is clearly an attempt to extrapolate into the future the rapid social changes taking place in the U.S. during the 1960s. Ancient billionaire Johann Sebastian Bach Smith is dying, and wants to have his brain transplanted into a new body. For reasons never made clear, Eunice's personality continues to co-inhabit the body.
Colonel Colin Campbell, living under a number of aliases including his pen name "Richard Ames"-is joined by a beautiful and sophisticated lady, Gwendolyn Novak, who helps him flee to Luna with a bonsai maple and a would-be murderer. After escaping to the moon, Gwen refers to the now ancient Lunar Revolt and Mike , the self-aware computer responsible for the uprising's victory.
The Howard Families derive from Ira Howard, who became rich in the California Gold Rush, but died young and childless. Fearing death, he left his money for the prolongation of human life, and the trustees of his will carried out his wishes. While the Families have kept their existence secret, with the enlightened human society established under The Covenant, they decide to reveal themselves. Society refuses to believe the Howard Families simply 'chose their ancestors wisely', instead insisting they have developed a method to extend life.
A wealthy Englishman, Bartlebooth , devises a plan that will both occupy the remainder of his life and spend his entire fortune. First, he spends 10 years learning to paint watercolors under the tutelage of Valène. Then, he embarks on a 20-year trip around the world with his loyal servant Smautf. Each finished puzzle is treated to re-bind the paper with a special solution.
Dorothy is a young orphaned girl raised by her Uncle Henry and Aunt Em in the bleak landscape of a Kansas farm. She has a little black dog Toto, who is her sole source of happiness on the dry, gray land. The Good Witch of the North tells Dorothy that she will have to go to the "Emerald City" or "City of Emeralds" and ask the Wizard of Oz to help her. The Wizard agrees to help each of them-but
Tintin finds a lost briefcase and returns it to the owner, Professor Hector Alembick. He shows Tintin his collection of seals, including one which belonged to the Syldavian King Ottokar IV. The reigning King must possess the sceptre to rule or he will be forced to abdicate. The reader is treated to a rare "wink to the camera"
In 1801, a rich man from the south of England rents Thrushcross Grange in the north of England for peace and recuperation. The children of the family are the teenaged Hindley and his younger sister, Catherine. Mr. Earnshaw travels to Liverpool, where he finds a homeless dark Hindley is eventually sent to college. However, he marries a woman named Frances and returns three years later. He becomes master of Wuthering Heights, and forces Heath
Jane Eyre is an orphan who is abused by her aunt and her children. She is finally rescued when she is allowed to attend Lowood School for Girls. After six years as a student and two as a teacher, Jane decides to leave Lowood. She advertises her services as a governess, and receives one reply. She takes the position, teaching Adele Varens, a
The development of the novel can be split into segments. The first broadly follows the story fragmented between characters, but in a single chronological time in 1943. While the first five parts "sections" develop the novel in the present and through use of flash-backs, the novel significantly darkens in chapters 32-41. The horror begins with the attack on the undefended Italian mountain village.
Crusoe sets sail from the Queen's Dock in Hull on a sea voyage in August 1651, against his parents' wishes. After a tumultuous journey where his ship is wrecked in a storm, his lust for the sea remains so strong that he sets out to sea again. This journey, too, ends in disaster as the ship is taken over by Salé pirates and Crusoe is enslaved by a Moor. Two years later, he escapes in a boat with a boy named Xury; a Captain of a Portuguese ship off the west coast of Africa rescues him. Years later, Crusoe joins an expedition to bring slaves from Africa but he is shipwrecked on an island.
King Lear is elderly and wants to retire from power. He decides to divide his realm among his three daughters. Goneril and Regan both proclaim in fulsome terms that they love him more than anything. Lear announces he will live alternately with them and their husbands, the Dukes of Albany and Edmund. Lear plots to dispose of his legitimate older brother Edgar.
U.S. Coast Guard Cutter Panache intercepts a yacht in the Caribbean Sea. The crew discovers two men cleaning up the vessel after murdering a man and his family. It is later learned that the murdered man was involved in a money laundering scheme Operation CAPER is the interception of mobile phone communications between cartel management. John Clark is dispatched with CAPER to Operation SHOWBOAT.
The novel is set prior to the Constitution of 1782 and tells the story of four generations of Rackrent heirs through their steward, Thady Quirk. The heirs are: the dissipated spendthrift Sir Patrick O'Shaughlin, the litigious Sir Murtagh Rackrent, the cruel husband and gambling absentee Sir Kit Stopgap, and the generous but improvident Sir Condy Rackrent. Their sequential mismanagement of the estate is resolved through the machinations - and to the benefit - of the narrator's astute son.
Marcus Brutus is Caesar's close friend and a Roman praetor. Brutus allows himself to be cajoled into joining a group of conspiring senators. The early scenes deal mainly with Brutus's arguments with Cassius and his struggle with his own conscience. The growing tide of public support soon turns Brutus against Caesar.
Emma Woodhouse, aged 20 at the start of the novel, is a young, beautiful, witty, and privileged woman in Regency England. She lives on the fictional estate of Hartfield in Surrey with her elderly widowed father. Emma tries to match her new friend Harriet Smith, a sweet, pretty, but none-too-bright parlour boarder of 17, to Mr. Elton, the local vicar.
The story revolves around a poor young boy named Charlie Bucket born to a penniless, starving family. Charlie is fascinated by the universally-celebrated candy factory located in his hometown owned by famous chocolatier Willy Wonka. Charlie longs for chocolate to satisfy his hunger and to find a Golden Ticket himself, but his chances are slim.
Anne Shirley is a novel about a young orphan from fictional Nova Scotia. She is sent to Prince Edward Island after a childhood spent in strangers' homes and orphanages. The book recounts Anne's adventures in making a home and her rivalry with classmate Gilbert Blythe. At 16, Anne goes to Queen's Academy to earn a teaching license.
The Wasp Factory is a huge clock face encased in a glass box and salvaged from the local dump. Behind each of the 12 numerals is a trap which leads to a different ritual death for the wasp that Frank puts into the hole at the center within tubes. There are also Sacrifice Poles, upon which hang the bodies and heads of larger animals, such as seagulls, that Frank has killed and other sacred items. Frank occupies himself with his rituals and maintaining an array of weapons to control the island.
Weir starts out in the Ferguslie Park area of Paisley in a very underprivileged Catholic family. He is impressed by a group named Frozen Gold when he sees them live. Christine Brice likes his songs, and he joins the band. He ends up writing all their material and playing bass guitar.
This Bildungsroman is set in the fictional Argyll town of Gallanach and the real village of Lochgair. Prentice McHoan's uncle Rory has disappeared eight years previous while writing a book called The Crow Road. His father dogmatically denies the existence of God, universal purpose, and the afterlife.
Horza is a mercenary capable of altering his appearance at will. He is assigned the task of retrieving a dispossessed Culture Mind by his Idiran handlers. Horza replaces the Captain, Kraiklyn, who leads them on some disastrous pirate raids which kill several of the crew. The Mind, while fleeing attacking Idirans who consider its existence an Horza may be the only person in the Galaxy who would be allowed to return.
The book takes place on a fictional planet based on late-Middle Ages Europe. The first storyline is presented as a written account from Oelph, a doctor's assistant. The story focuses on DeWar, bodyguard to General UrLeyn, the Prime Protector of the Protectorate of Tassasen.
Inspector Goole reveals that a woman called Eva Smith killed herself by drinking strong disinfectant. He implies that she has left a diary naming names, including members of the Birling family. Arthur and Sybil break down, and the family dissolves into screaming recriminations. The play ends abruptly with a telephone call, taken by Arthur, who reports that the body of a young woman has been found.
Ender is the youngest child in the Wiggin family. He is teased as a "third" under Earth's two-child policy. In the far future, humanity has discovered interstellar travel and faster-than-light communication enabled by ansibles. In exploring the galaxy, they encountered an alien race known as the Formics.
The play begins shortly after the death of the Roman Emperor, with his two sons, Saturninus and Bassianus, squabbling over who will succeed him. Their conflict seems set to boil over into violence until a tribune, Marcus Titus, refuses the offer of the throne, arguing that he is not fit to rule.
Vincentio, the Duke of Vienna, makes it known that he intends to leave the city on a diplomatic mission. He leaves the government in the hands of a strict judge, Angelo. Claudio, a young nobleman, is betrothed/unofficially married to Juliet. Angelo, as the personification of the law, decides to enforce the ruling that fornication is punishable by death. Since he does not accept the validity of the marriage, Claudio is sentenced to be executed.
The novel is set in a dystopian future United States following a Second Civil War. Jason Taverner and Heather Hart are members of an elite class of genetically engineered humans. Taverner is attacked by a parasitic life-form at his ex-lover's apartment. The Police General decides to implicate Taverner in Alys' death to distract attention from his incest.
The story examines religion through the eyes of Alex, a Christian political activist who is corrupted by Margrethe, a Danish Norse cruise ship hostess. The novel is linked to Heinlein's short story, "They", by the term, "the Glaroon" and to his earlier novel The Moon is a Harsh Mistress.
The story is set in a future, overcrowded Earth, where food is carefully rationed. Teenager William Lermer lives with his widower father, George. George decides to emigrate to the farming colony on Ganymede, one of Jupiter's moons.
Friday Baldwin is an artificial person both mentally and physically superior in many ways to an ordinary human. She faces great prejudice and will most likely be killed if her "non-human" status is discovered. Employed as a highly self-sufficient combat courier, her missions take her throughout the globe and also to some of the near-Earth space colonies.
Clifford "Kip" Russell enters an advertising jingle writing contest, hoping to win an all-expenses-paid trip to the Moon. He instead gets an obsolete, but genuine, used space suit. Using his own ingenuity and determination, Kip puts the suit back into working condition. Kip reluctantly decides to return his space suit for a cash prize to help pay for college.
The story centers around Delos David Harriman, a tycoon and latter-day robber baron. He had always dreamed of going to the Moon, and had spent much of his career and resources making space flight a practical commercial enterprise. Unfortunately, his business partners prevented him from taking the early flights.
Jim Marlowe and Frank Sutton travel to the Lowell Academy boarding school for the start of the academic year. Jim takes along his native, volleyball-sized pet, Willis the Bouncer, who is about as intelligent as a human child and has a photographic memory for sounds. At school, Jim gets into trouble with the authoritarian headmaster, Mr. Howe, who confiscates Willis. The boys run away from school to warn their parents and the colony.
The book is a series of diary entries by each of the four main characters. The names "Dejah Thoris", "Burroughs", and "Carter" are overt references to the main protagonists of the Barsoom novels. The four travel in Zebadiah's spaceship Gay Deceiver, which is equipped with the professor's "continua" device. The continua device allows travel into various fictional universes, such as the Land of Oz, as well as through time.
Golan Trevize, a former officer of the Navy and now a member of Stor Gendibal, a rising intellect in the Second Foundation hierarchy, discovers a secret he reveals to Quindor Shandess, the current First Speaker &mdash. The table mentions a planet called Gaia which Pelorat discovered, previously, to mean Earth. Its exact coordinates are unknown but it G Endibal and Novi are sent to trackTrevize and to determine the goals
The book's central crime is a murder, which takes place before the novel opens. Roj Nemmenuh Sarton, a Spacer Ambassador, lives in Spacetown, the Spacer outpost just outside New York City. One interesting aspect of the book is the contrast between Elijah, the human detective, and Daneel, the humanoid robot.
The story takes place on Trantor during the reign of Emperor Cleon I. It starts with Hari's presentation of a paper at a mathematics convention detailing how practical use of psychohistory might theoretically be possible. The Emperor of the Galactic Empire learns of this and wants to use Hari for political gain. Hari then meets reporter Chetter Hummin, who convinces him that Cleon's first minister Eto Demerzel is attempting to capture him.
Councilman Golan Trevize, historian Janov Pelorat, and Blissenobiarella of the planet Gaia set out on a journey to find humanity's ancestral planet &mdash; Earth. The film is set in the binary system of Alpha Centauri. The inhabitants of Earth were resettled there millennia ago. The only dry land is an island 250 kilometers long and 65 kilometers wide.
Lazarus Long is the oldest living human, now more than two thousand years old. The book covers several periods from the life of Lazarus Long. The first half of the book takes the form of several novellas connected by Lazarus's retrospective narrative. In the concluding tale, Lazarus, in a quest to experience something "new", attempts to travel backward in time to 1919.
Twin teenage boys, Castor and Pollux, buy used bicycles to sell on Mars. They run afoul of import regulations and are freed by their grandmother Hazel Stone. While on Mars, the twins buy their brother Buster a native Martian creature called a flat cat, born pregnant and producing a soothing vibration, as a pet.
The film is based on the book "Hired Girl" by the same name. The novel opens in 1970 with Daniel Boone Davis, an engineer and inventor. Dan opposes the takeover, but is outvoted and then fired as Chief Engineer. Left with a large financial settlement, he elects to take "cold sleep" with his beloved pet cat.
Hugh Farnham, a middle-aged man, holds a bridge club party for his wife Grace , son Duke , daughter Karen , and Barbara. During the bridge game, Duke berates him for preparing for a possible nuclear attack by the Russians. When the attack actually occurs, the group, along with Joe , retreat to the fallout shelter below the house. After several apparently nuclear explosions rock the shelter, Hugh and Barbara become romantically involved.
Sam Spade and Miles Archer are hired by a Miss Wonderly to follow a man, Floyd Thursby, who has allegedly run off with Wonderly's younger sister. That night, Spade receives a phone call telling him that Archer Spade's wife Iva asks him if he killed Miles. He tells her to leave, and orders his secretary Effie Perine to remove all of Archer's belongings from the office. Later that night, Polhaus and Lieutenant Joel Cairo offer Sp
Three down-and-out gringos meet by chance in a Mexican city and discuss how to overcome their financial distress. They then set out to discover gold in the remote Sierra Madre mountains. A mine is dug, and much gold is extracted, but greed soon begins and Fred C. Dobbs begins to lose both his trust and his mind.
The protagonist, who is unnamed, travels to Berlin to arrange the defection of a Soviet scientist named Semitsa. The deal seems to have the support of Russian security-chief Colonel Stok and Hallam in the British government's Home Office. But it soon becomes apparent that behind the facade of an elaborate mock funeral lies a game of deadly manoeuvres and ruthless tactics.
The unnamed protagonist travels to Helsinki to deliver a package after receiving instructions from a mysterious mechanically operated telephone message. On his arrival the protagonist discovers that the message was from 'The Brain', a one billion dollar super-computer owned by eccentric Texan billionaire General Midwinter. Midwinter is using The Brain to organise his own intelligence agency and private army which will soon start an uprising in Soviet-occupied Latvia in an attempt to end Communism in the Eastern bloc.
Kim is the orphaned son of an Irish soldier and a poor white mother who have both died in poverty. Kim earns his living by begging and running small errands on the streets of Lahore. He occasionally works for Mahbub Ali, a Pashtun horse trader who is one of the native operatives of the British secret service. Kim is so immersed in the local culture, few realise he is a white child.
Isis, otherwise The Blessed Very Reverend Gaia-Marie Isis Saraswati Minerva Mirza Whit of Luskentyre, Beloved Elect of God III, is the 19-year-old granddaughter and designated spiritual heir of Salvador Whit, patriarch of the Luskteenrians. They are a religious cult who live in a commune in Stirlingshire and reject most technology. They run their lives according to a collection of beliefs and rituals "revealed" to Salvador.
After the events in So Long, and Thanks for All the Fish, Arthur Dent and his love interest Fenchurch attempt to sightsee across the Galaxy. Arthur becomes depressed and travels the Galaxy alone, raising money to pay his passage by donating his biological material to DNA banks. Ford Prefect has returned to the offices of the Hitchhikers' Guide, and is annoyed to find out the original publishing company, Megadodo Publications, has been taken over by InfiniDim Enterprises.
The Lion in Winter is set during Christmas 1183 at Henry II of England's castle in Chinon, Anjou, Angevin Empire. The play opens with the arrival of Henry's wife Eleanor of Aquitaine, whom he has had imprisoned since 1173. The story concerns the gamesmanship between Henry, Eleanor, their three surviving sons Richard, Geoffrey, and John.
Gusiffer R. Bigger is attracted to the world of wealthy whites in the newsreel. He and Jack plan a robbery of the white wealth. After a violent chase, Bigger claims the life of an animal with an iron skillet and terrorizes Vera with the dark body. He is sentenced to death for his murder and false witness.
Lady Isabel Carlyle leaves her hard-working but neglectful lawyer-husband and her infant children to elope with an aristocratic suitor. After he deserts her and she bears their illegitimate child, Lady Isabel disguises herself and takes the position of governess in the household of her former husband and his new wife.
The novel is divided into five books. In the first book, Rinaldi introduces Henry to Catherine Barkley; Henry attempts to seduce her. While on the Italian front, Henry is wounded in the knee by a mortar shell. The second book shows the growth of Henry and Catherine's relationship as they spend time together in Milan over the summer.
The story is a look at early 20th-century American race relations. In Hurst's novel, Bea Chipley is a quiet, mousey, Atlantic City teenage girl. Bea is left to fend for herself, her father, and her infant daughter Jessie.
The book is set a month after Dark Force Rising. Grand Admiral Thrawn launches his offensive against the New Republic. Mara Jade joins Princess Leia and Han in stopping an Imperial commando force sent to Coruscant to kidnap Leia's newborn twins for Joruus C'baoth. The Jedi Master wants to turn Leia, Luke and the twins to the Dark Side.
The novel takes its beginnings in the late eighteenth and early nineteenth centuries. The story is narrated by Overton, godfather to the central character. Ernest Pontifex is the eldest son of Theobald and Christina. The author depicts an antagonistic relationship between Ernest and his hypocritical and domineering parents.
The novel is about a young woman who is courted by a young man. She lies to cover for the fact that she is not invited to the dance. The glue recipe was developed by Virgil and another man under the direction and in the employ of J.A. Lamb. The novel begins with Virgil Adams confined to bed with an unnamed illness.
"The Cops Are Here" is about a woman who tries to prove her literacy by reading aloud from a book. The story starts in 1815 in Digne. Jean Valjean searches the city in panic for the child. Six years later, he has become a wealthy factory owner.
Samual 'Sam' Dodsworth is an ambitious and innovative automobile designer, who builds his fortunes in Zenith, Winnemac. In addition to his success in the business world, he had also succeeded as a young man in winning the hand of Frances 'Fran' Voelker, a beautiful young socialite. The book provides the courtship as a backstory, but the real novel begins upon his retirement.
In May 1931, during the British Raj in India, the 80 white residents of Baskul are being evacuated to Peshawar, owing to a revolution. In the airplane of the Maharajah of Chandrapore are Conway, the British consul, age 37; Mallinson, his young vice-consul; an American, Barnard; and a British missionary, Miss Brinklow. The plane is hijacked and flown instead over the mountains to Tibet. After a crash landing, the pilot dies, but not before telling the four to seek shelter at the nearby lamasery of Shangri-La.
Eighteen-year-old Private Henry Fleming joins the fictional 304th New York Regiment. During the regiment's first battle, Confederate soldiers charge, but are repelled. The enemy quickly regroups and attacks again, this time forcing some of the unprepared Union soldiers to flee. Fearing the battle is a lost cause, Henry deserts his regiment.
The novel tells the story of a much-beloved schoolteacher and his long tenure at Brookfield, a fictional British boys' public boarding school. Mr. Chipping conquers his inability to connect with his students, as well as his initial shyness, when he marries Katherine, a young woman whom he meets on holiday.
George Milton and Lennie Small are migrant field workers in California during the Great Depression. They hope to one day attain their shared dream of settling down on their own piece of land. Lennie's part of the dream is merely to tend to soft rabbits on the farm. The theme of friendship is constant throughout the story.
Helena, the orphan daughter of a famous physician, is the ward of the Countess of Rousillon. She is hopelessly in love with Count Bertram, who has been sent to the court of the King of France. When word comes that the King is ill, she goes to Paris and cures the fistula from which he suffers. In return, she is given the hand of any man in the realm; she chooses Bertram.
In the play performed for Sly, the "Shrew" is Katherina Minola, the eldest daughter of Baptista Minola. Prior to the first act, an induction frames the play as a "kind of history" played Lucentio, who has recently come to Padua to attend university.
The Stage Manager introduces the audience to the small town of Grover's Corners, New Hampshire, and its residents as a morning begins in 1901. The Stage Manager guides the play, taking questions from the audience, describing the locations and making key observations about the world the play creates.
"Ishmael" is the story of a nameless narrator and protagonist. He responds to a newspaper ad with scorn because of the absurdity of "wanting to save the world" He finds himself in a room with a gorilla The gorilla, calling himself Ishmael, can communicate telepathically.
The story traces the life of David Copperfield from childhood to maturity. The novel's two most familiar characters are David's sometime mentor, the debt-ridden Micawber, and the devious and fraudulent clerk, Uriah Heep. The major characters eventually get some measure of what they deserve, and few narrative threads are left hanging.
The novel is divided into three parts, following a third-person omniscient narrative with no main character. The United States and the Soviet Union are competing to launch the first spaceship into orbit, to military ends. As the Overlords, they bring peace, and they claim that interference will be limited.
The story begins with the narrator drawing a picture of an elephant digesting an elephant. The narrator then meets a little prince, who asks him to draw a sheep. The prince shows him the picture of the elephant in the snake, and the prince recognizes the drawing for what it is. The story ends with a portrait of the landscape where the prince and the narrator met and where the snake took the prince's life.
New Yorkers Tommy Albright and Jeff Douglas have traveled to the Scottish Highlands on a game-hunting vacation. Tommy Andrew MacLaren and his daughters arrive at the fair to purchase supplies for the wedding of younger daughter Jean to Charlie Dalrymple. Harry Beaton is madly in love with Jean and is depressed at the thought of her marrying Tommy. Tommy is in no hurry to marry Jane, and Fiona reveals that she likes Tommy very much.
Aragorn finds Boromir mortally wounded by arrows, his assailants gone. Aragorn also learns that Merry and Pippin were kidnapped by Saruman's Uruk-hai. Frodo learns from Faram Gollum is captured diving for fish into the sacred pool, the penalty for which is death.
Gandalf and Pippin arrive at Minas Tirith in the kingdom of Gondor. They deliver the news of a devastating attack on his city by Sauron, the Dark Lord of Mordor. The Ring is finally destroyed, freeing Middle-earth from Sauron's power. Mount Doom erupts violently, trapping Frodo and Sam among the lava flows.
Akallabêth is the story of the destruction of the Kingdom of Númenor, written by Elendil. After the downfall of the Dark Lord Morgoth at the end of the First Age the Edain, those Men who had aided the Elves in their war against Melkor were given a new small continent of their own, free from the evil and sadness of Middle-earth. As time went on, Men became evil and rebelled against the Valar and the Elves, over the course of one and a half thousand years.
The book begins less than seven hours after the end of The Dark Tower: The Gunslinger. Roland wakes up on a beach, where he is suddenly attacked by a strange, lobster-like creature. He kills the creature but not before losing the index and middle finger of his right hand. Roland continues to trek north along the beach where he eventually encounters three doors. Each door opens onto New York City at different periods in time.
Main story takes place in a world that is somewhat similar to the Old West. It exists in an alternate time frame or parallel universe to ours. Roland exists in a place where "the world has moved on" Roland travels across the desert with his mule in search of the man in black.
The first section of On Writing is an Autobiography mainly about King's early exposure to writing, and his childhood attempts at writing. The second section is practical advice on writing, including tips on grammar and ideas about developing plot and character. The third section is also autobiographical, in which King discusses the 1999 automobile accident in which he was struck by a vehicle.
Gordie Tessio and his three friends are nearly run over by a train while crossing a bridge. When they finally find the spot where the body lies Ace and Fuzzy break Gordie's nose and fingers and kick him in the testicles. The boys refuse to identify their assailants to the authorities, and there are no further repercussions. Gordie is revealed to be a veteran of the Vietnam War and the counter-culture.
The novel begins where The Waste Lands ended. The city of Topeka is deserted, as this version of the world has been depopulated by the influenza of The Stand. The Wizard of Oz parallels continue inside, where the Wizard is revealed to be Marten Broadcloak, also known as Randall Flagg.
The story begins five weeks after the end of The Drawing of the Three. Roland, Susannah, and Eddie have moved east from the shore of the Western Sea, and into the woods of Out-World. They discover one of the six mystical Beams that hold the world together. In 1977 New York, Jake Chambers is experiencing exactly the same crippling mental divide.
The Eyes of the Dragon takes place entirely within the realm of Delain. It is told from the perspective of an unnamed storyteller/narrator, who speaks casually and frankly to the reader. The King's magician, Flagg, sees his plans being ruined by the good heart of Queen Sasha.
Alan Parker is a student at the University of Maine who is trying to find himself. He gets a call from a neighbor in his hometown, Lewiston, telling him that his mother has been taken to the hospital after having a stroke. Lacking a functioning car, Parker decides to hitchhike the 120-miles south to visit his mother.
Dolores Claiborne confesses to the murder of her husband, Joe St. George, almost 30 years before, after finding out that he sexually molested their daughter, Selena. Unlike many other works by King, there is little focus on the supernatural; the only such event in the book are two telepathic visions.
The story begins with Jessie Burlingame and her husband Gerald in the bedroom of their secluded cabin in western Maine. A combination of panic and thirst eventually causes Jessie to hallucinate. She hears voices in her head, each one ostensibly the voice of a person in her life. Jessie was sexually abused by her father at age ten during a solar eclipse that occurred in her Maine hometown.
The story is set in motion by a family hiking trip, during which Trisha's brother, Pete, and mother constantly squabble about the mother's divorce with her father. Trisha falls back to avoid listening and is unable to find her family again after she wanders off the trail to take a bathroom break. Trying to catch up by attempting a shortcut, she slips and falls down a steep embankment and ends up hopelessly lost, heading deeper into the heart of the forest.
The novel is a first-person narrative told by Paul Edgecombe. The novel switches between Paul as an old man in the Georgia Pines nursing home sharing his story with fellow resident Elaine Connelly in 1996, and his time in 1932 as the block supervisor of the Cold Mountain Penitentiary death row. John Coffey is a 6'8" powerfully built black man who has been convicted of raping and murdering two small white girls.
One hundred teenage boys participate in an annual walking contest called "The Long Walk" Each Walker must maintain a speed of at least four miles per hour. If The Walk begins at the Maine/Canada border and travels the east coast of the United States until the winner is determined. The winner receives "The Prize": anything he wants for the rest of his life.
Solaris chronicles the ultimate futility of attempted communications with the extraterrestrial life on a far-distant planet. Kris Kelvin arrives aboard the scientific research station hovering near the oceanic surface of the planet Solaris. The ocean's intelligence expresses physical phenomena in ways difficult for their limited earth science to explain.
The story takes place entirely in the large house of a slightly batty New York City family. Various characters in the lives of the Vanderhof/Sycamore/Carmichael clan are introduced in the first act. In contrast to these delightful people are the unhappy Kirbys. Tony, the attractive young son of the Kirbys, falls in love with Alice Sycamore. The shock sustained by Mr. and Mrs. Kirby, who are invited to
Mark Antony is one of the Triumvirs of Rome along with Octavian and Lepidus. He has neglected his soldierly duties after being beguiled by Egypt's Queen, Cleopatra. A soothsayer warns Antony that he is sure to lose if he ever tries to fightOctavian. In Egypt, Cleo learns of Antony's marriage to Octavia and takes furious revenge.
The narrative begins with Bill Masen in hospital, his eyes bandaged after having been splashed with droplets of triffid venom in an accident. He awakes the next morning to a silent hospital and learns that the light from Bill and Josella discover a group of sighted survivors at a London university building. The group is led by a man named Beadley, who plans to establish a colony.
Antigone and Ismene are the sisters of the dead Polyneices and Eteocles. Antigone wants to bury her brother herself, in defiance of Creon's edict. Creon orders that the two women be temporarily imprisoned. Haemon, Creon’s son, pledges allegiance to his father. He tries to persuade his father to spare Antig one, claiming that 'under cover of darkness the city mourns for the girl' Haemon leaves, vowing never to see Creon again.
At the beginning of the novel, Mr. Lewisham is an 18-year-old teacher at a boys' school in Sussex. He meets and falls in love with Ethel Henderson, who is paying a visit to relatives. His involvement with her causes him to lose his position, but he is unable to find her when he moves to London.
The Stardroppers is about an undercover United Nations agent investigating a new fad, "stardropping" whereby physics-violating equipment is used to listen to sounds believed to be alien or paranormal signals. The fad gains an additional aspect of risk when users begin disappearing into thin air.
The focus is on Southerner Regina Hubbard Giddens, who struggles for wealth and freedom within the confines of an early 20th century society. As a result, her avaricious brothers Benjamin and Oscar are independently wealthy, while she must rely upon her sickly, wheelchair-using husband Horace for financial support. Regina's actions cause Alexandra to finally understand the importance of not idly watching people do evil.
The book uses false documents to frame the story of one of the worst disasters in American history. The destruction of the town of Chamberlain, Maine by high school student Carietta "Carrie" White. For years, Carrie has been A light bulb in the shower burns out. The next day, Miss Desjardin viciously berates the girls involved.
King John receives an ambassador from France, who demands, on pain of war, that he renounce his throne in favour of his nephew, Arthur. The French King, Philip, believes to be the rightful heir to the throne. In France, King Philip and his forces besiege the English-ruled town of Angiers, threatening attack unless its citizens support Arthur.
The play opens with the King of Navarre and three noble companions, Berowne, Dumaine, and Longaville, taking an oath to devote themselves to three years of study. The main story is assisted by many other humorous sub-plots. We are also introduced to two scholars, Holofernes and Sir Nathaniel, and we see them converse with each other in schoolboy Latin.
Fiver, a young runt rabbit who is a seer, receives a frightening vision of his warren's imminent destruction. When he and his brother Hazel fail to convince their chief rabbit of the need to evacuate, they set out on their own with a small band of rabbits. The travelling group of rabbits find themselves following the leadership of Hazel, previously an unimportant member of the warren.
Harriet M. Welsch is an aspiring writer, who lives in New York City's Upper East Side. She follows an afternoon "spy route" during which she clandestinely observes her classmates, friends, and people who reside in her neighborhood. Her best friends are Sport, a serious boy who lives with his father, and Janie, an aspiring scientist.
Richard II is the main character of the play. The first Act begins with King Richard sitting majestically on his throne in full state. We learn that Henry Bolingbroke, Richard's cousin, is having a dispute with Thomas Mowbray. The king's decision can be seen as the first mistake in a series that will lead eventually to his overthrow.
Private investigator Philip Marlowe is called to the home of wealthy, elderly General Sternwood. Sternwood wants Marlowes to deal with a blackmail attempt by a bookseller named Arthur Geiger on his wild young daughter Carmen. He follows Geiger home, stakes out his house, and sees Carmen Sternwood enter. He rushes in to find Geiger dead and Carmen drugged.
At 100 pages long, the title novella makes up the bulk of the book. chronicles a Culture mission to Earth in the late Seventies. It also serves as a prequel of sorts to Use of Weapons by featuring one of that novel's characters, Diziet Sma.
Jernau Morat Gurgeh, a famously skilful player of board games and other similar contests, lives on Chiark Orbital, and is bored with his successful life. The Culture's Special Circumstances inquires about his willingness to participate in a long journey, though won't explain further unless he agrees to participate. One of his drone friends, Mawhrin-Skel, convinces him to cheat in one of his matches in an attempt to win in an unprecedented perfect fashion. He accepts the offer and spends two years travelling to the Empire of Azad in the Small Magellanic Cloud.
The Excession of the title is a perfect black-body sphere that appears mysteriously on the edge of Culture space. A group of stereotypical bureaucrats tries to manage the Culture's response to the Excession. GSV Sleeper Service eventually takes control of the situation. The Excession is a sentient entity which is currently acting as a bridge for a procession of higher beings which travel between universes.
Major Quilan is offered the chance to avenge the lost Chelgrians who died in a civil war and is inducted into a plot to strike back at the Culture. As part of the plot, his "soulkeeper" is equipped with both the mind of a long-dead Chelgrian general and a device that can transport wormholes connected to weapons caches.
The book is made up of two narrative streams, interwoven in alternating chapters. The numbers of the chapters indicate which stream they belong to: one stream is numbered forward in words , while the other is numbered in reverse with Roman numerals . The story told by the former moves forward chronologically and tells a self-contained story, while in the latter is written in reverse chronology with each chapter successively earlier in Zakalwe's life.
Arthur Dent has hitch-hiked through the galaxy and is dropped off on a planet in a rainstorm. He realises that he appears to be in England on Earth, even though he saw it destroyed by the Vogons. He manages to hitch a ride with a man named Russell, who is driving home his sister Fenchurch. Russell explains that she had become delusional after worldwide mass hysteria over the "hallucinations with the big yellow spaceships" Arthur also learns that all the dolphins disappeared shortly after that event.
Choke follows Victor Mancini and his friend Denny through a few months of their lives with frequent flashbacks to the days when Victor was a child. In the present day setting of the book, Victor is now a man in his mid-twenties who left medical school in order to find work to support his feeble mother who is now in a nursing home. The narrative is episodic, and is presented out of chronological order, a style common to the author's books.
A Friend of the Earth is the story of Tyrone O'Shaughnessy Tierwater. Tierwater is a U.S. citizen born in 1950, half Irish Catholic and half Jewish. He suffers the loss of his first wife when their daughter is only three and of his daughter when she is only 25.
A taste of a madeleine cake dipped in tea inspires a nostalgic incident of involuntary memory. The Narrator contemplates how he has attained his wish to know the Swanns, and savors their unique style. Two years later, the Narrator, his grandmother, and Françoise set out for the seaside town of Balbec.
Liza Kemp is an 18-year-old factory worker and the youngest of 13 children. She lives alone with her ageing and incompetent mother. She very much likes Tom, a boy her age, but when he proposes to her she Jim Blakeston is a father of nine who has recently moved to Vere Street with his large family, and his wife.
The book's introduction concerns the origin of the Weirdstone. Following the defeat of Nastrond, it was decided to take steps to prevent what must otherwise be his eventual return. This involved bringing together a small band of warriors of pure heart, each of whom must be partnered by a horse, and to gather them inside the old dwarf caves of Fundindelve, deep inside the hill of Alderley.
Coleman Silk is a former classics professor and dean of faculty at Athena College. At 71, Silk is accused of racism by two black students because of referring to them as "spooks" Silk begins an affair with Faunia Farley, a 34-year-old local woman who works as a janitor at the college and is married to an abusive Vietnam veteran.
Picnic at Hanging Rock centers around a trip by a party of girls from Appleyard College, a fictitious upper class private boarding school. The excursion ends in tragedy when three of the girls, and later one of their teachers, mysteriously vanish while climbing the rock. One of the missing girls who is later found has no memory of what has happened to her companions.
Dr. Charlotte Manning runs a successful psychiatric clinic on New York's Park Avenue. In order to increase her profit, she gets involved with a group of criminals. The brains of the "outfit" is Hal Kines, who has Charlotte Manning is a renowned psychiatrist. None of the guests at Williams's party has a watertight alibi.
The novel is exclusively set at the University of Gloucester. Its action takes place in the spring term of 1997. Helen Reed is a young widow. Martin Reed worked for the BBC researching material for documentaries. He developed a brain aneurysm, went into a coma, and died the next day.
The story begins in Tuscany. A carpenter has found a block of pinewood which he plans to carve into a leg for his table. When he begins, however, the log shouts out, "Don't strike me Mangiafuoco gives in to Pinocchio's pleas to be saved. Geppetto has been released from jail and has three Pinocchios.
Wootton Major was well-known around the countryside for its annual festivals. The biggest festival of all was the Feast of Good Children. This festival was celebrated only once every twenty-four years. The highlight of the party was the Great Cake, a career milestone by which Master Cooks were judged. Various trinkets were hidden in the cake for the children to find. One of these was a star the Cook discovered in the old spice box. The star was not found at the Feast, but was swallowed by a blacksmith's son.
In 1896, newlyweds Roy and Ada Goodnough leave Iowa and settle down in northeastern Colorado under the Homestead Act of 1862. Very soon Ada regrets leaving Iowa for the plains of Colorado. Her husband turns out to be a bully, an angry and violent man without any sense of humour. When she dies in 1914, aged only 42, Edith has to take over all of Ada's chores and duties.
England, England is divided into three parts. The first part focuses on the protagonist Martha Cochrane and her childhood memories. The second part is set in the near future in what is clearly marked as a postmodern age. The third part depicts Martha who has returned to a village in Old England.
Duke Leto Atreide is an essential part of the Bene Gesserit's secret, centuries-old breeding program. Leto correctly believes his rivals and enemies to be plotting against him. House Atreides is attacked by the Sardaukar. The attack is assisted by a traitor within the House, doctor Wellington Yueh.
The book is set on a far future Earth where the uploading of mindstates into a world-spanning computer network is commonplace. The solar system is drifting into an interstellar molecular cloud, which will eventually dim the Sun's light sufficiently to end life on Earth. The Diaspora have left behind a device to deal with the problem.
The hunt for the eighth and final Lazy Gun is the main plot theme of Against a Dark Background. Much of the novel concerns Sharrow's adventures in searching for and acquiring it. Her motivation is that the Huhsz religious cult regard it as a sacred object. Sharrow encounters various political systems on her travels across Golter.
Edek Zepler is a Holocaust survivor who was born Edek Zeleznikow in Aódz, Poland in 1915. He got married in the ghetto to Rooshka but had to marry her again after the war in Edek's family have moved to Manhattan. The only close relative still in Melbourne is his grandson, Zachary, who studies medicine there. He meets Josl and Henia Borenstein again, a couple he last saw in the
The story is a series of episodes in the youth of George Sherston, ranging from his first attempts to learn to ride to his experiences in winning point-to-point races. The book ends with his enlistment in a local regiment. The story is continued in two sequels: Memoirs of an Infantry Officer and Sherston's Progress.
The book opens with a Kentucky farmer facing the loss of his farm because of debts. Shelby decides to raise the needed funds by selling two of his slaves to a slave trader. The novel states that Eliza made this decision because she fears losing her only surviving child. Eliza departs that night, leaving a note of apology to her mistress. Tom is sold and placed on a riverboat which sets sail down.
Daffy Duck left a hand-drawn map of a supposed hidden beach in the Gulf of Thailand. After receiving the map, Richard discovers that Daffy has committed suicide. The story follows the lives of a group of beach-goers on a remote island in the South Pacific. The film is set during the Tet festival in Thailand.
Under the pseudonym of "Death Bredon" Wimsey goes to work at Pym's. Dean met Dian de Momerie's companion, Major Milligan, who appears to be the cocaine supplier for the group. Milligan is linked to a big cocaine-selling ring which Wimsey's friend and brother-in-law Chief Wimsey plays multiple roles.
The narrator of the story is a British journalist in India-Kipling himself, in all but name. While on a tour of some Indian native states he meets two scruffy adventurers, Daniel Dravot and Peachey Carnehan. He rather likes them, but then stops them from blackmailing a minor rajah. They tell him their plan. The next day they will go off to Kafiristan to set themselves up as kings.
The novel chronicles the life of Amelia, the only daughter of newspaper tycoon Max de Monde. Amelia decides to marry Mark Crawley, the father of her child, an ambitious young critic intent on shaking off his humble background. Mary Quinn, an Irish girl lacking a university education, rises to become a prominent reviewer of new fiction.
Main story takes place during three years of the Great Depression in the fictional "tired old town" of Maycomb, Alabama. It focuses on six-year-old Scout Finch, who lives with her older brother Jem and their widowed father Atticus, a middle-aged lawyer. Atticus is appointed by the court to defend Tom Robinson, a black man who has been accused of raping a young white woman, Mayella Ewell.
The play is divided into eight scenes. Scenes 2 to 7 are from the point of view of Jones, and no other character speaks. The first and last scenes feature a character named Smithers, a white trader who appears to be part of illegal activities. During this scene, Jones is killed by a silver bullet, which was the only way the rebels believed Jones could be killed.
The story begins with the reminiscences of Leo Colston, an elderly man looking back on his childhood with nostalgia. The greater portion of the text concerns itself with Leo's past, particularly the summer of 1900. Here the young Leo, on holiday from boarding school, is a poor boy among the wealthy upper class. The experience profoundly affects Leo, leaving him with permanent psychological scars.
The book is the story of middle-class housewife Mildred Pierce's attempts to maintain her family's social position during the Great Depression. Mildred encounters both success and failure as she opens three successful restaurants, operates a pie-selling business and copes with the death of her younger daughter, Ray.
 Dickens divides the book into five chapters, which he labels "staves", that is, song stanzas or verses, in keeping with the title of the book. The tale begins on a "cold, bleak, biting" Christmas Eve in 1843 exactly seven years after the death of Ebenezer Scrooge's business partner, Jacob Marley.
The novel is about Will Freeman, a 36-year-old bachelor, and Marcus, an introverted, bullied 12 year old. The action is set in 1993 and 1994 in London. The title is a reference to the song "About a Girl" by Nirvana, a band that is featured in the book.
After losing to Fats, Eddie could spiral down to the scrapheap, but he meets Bert Gordon, a . Bert teaches him about winning, or more particularly about losing. Tautly written, it is a treatise on how someone, with all of the skills, can lose if he "wants" to lose.
As a teenager she had fallen totally in love with both the opulent cultured lifestyle of her neighbour and the handsome charming man himself. At age 18 she returned to Vienna, took a job and tried to meet the writer. He did not recognise her and, without revealing her name, she succeeded in spending three nights with him before he disappeared on a holiday. Pregnant, she lost her job and had to give birth in a refuge for the indigent. In the 1918 flu pandemic, the child died and she, ill herself, wrote this letter to be posted after her death.
The story concerns a woman, Lulu, who lives with her sister's family, essentially acting as a servant. She does not complain about her position, but is not happy. When her brother-in-law's brother, Ninian, comes to visit, there is a certain attraction between them. While joking around one evening they find themselves accidentally married.
The story is about a two-dimensional world referred to as Flatland. Women are simple line-segments, while men are regular polygons with various numbers of sides. The narrator is a humble square, a member of the social caste of gentlemen and professionals in a society of geometric figures. He is visited by a three-dimensional sphere, which he cannot comprehend until he sees Spaceland for himself.
Florida's corrupt governor, Dick Artemus, pursues schemes to line his pockets and those of his rich entrepreneur backers at the expense of the environment. He has high hopes of a plan involving Toad Island, virtually uninhabited except for innumerable tiny toads. A former drug smuggler-turned-developer, Robert Clapley, plans to bulldoze the island and turn it into Shearwater Island.
King Rudolf of Ruritania is drugged on the eve of his coronation. His brother, Prince Michael, has him imprisoned in a castle in the small town of Zenda. Rassendyll falls in love with Princess Flavia, the King's betrothed, but cannot tell her the truth. The King is rescued and is restored to his throne.
The story begins with the narrator, Nick Carraway, a Midwesterner who has graduated from Yale and fought in World War I. He is restless and has decided to move to New York to learn the bond business. Gatsby and Daisy had loved each other five years ago, but he was penniless and chose to let Daisy believe that he was as well off as she was.
This novel is told primarily through the thoughts and experiences of the protagonist, Robert Jordan. The character was inspired by Hemingway's own experiences in the Spanish Civil War as a reporter for the North American Newspaper Alliance. The novel graphically describes the brutality of civil war.
Jane and Blanche Hudson are two sisters who live alone in a decaying Hollywood mansion. Jane is a slatternly alcoholic who still dresses as if she were 10 years old. Blanche is disabled after a mysterious car accident involving Jane. In a drunken daze, Jane decides to revive her childhood singing and dancing act of Baby Jane.
James Bond is targeted by the Soviet counterintelligence agency SMERSH. His death is planned to precipitate a major sex scandal, which will run through the world press for months and leave his and his service's reputation in tatters. Bond's killer is to be SMERSh executioner Red Grant, a psychopath whose homicidal urges coincide with the full moon.
The story centers on a Kargish child who is taken from her family and dedicated as the high priestess in the service of the "Nameless Ones" on the island of Atuan. Her true name is Tenar, but she is renamed Arha, "the eaten one", when she is formally consecrated to the gods' service at age six. Gradually she comes to accept her lonely, anonymous role, and to feel at home in the unlit underground labyrinth, the eponymous Tombs.
It is the coming of the End Times: the Apocalypse is near, and Final Judgment will soon descend upon the human race. The Four Horsemen of the Apocalypse assemble and the incredibly accurate prophecies of Agnes Nutter, seventeenth-century prophetess, are rapidly coming true. Agnes was a witch in the 17th century and the only truly accurate prophet to have ever lived.
Coraline Jones and her parents move into an old house that has been subdivided into flats. She discovers a locked door in the drawing room, which has been bricked up. In its place is a long passageway, which leads to a flat identical to her own. In this Other World, Coraline finds everything to be better than her reality.
Dream Country is the shortest of the eleven Sandman collections, featuring just four issues. It concerns the premiere of William Shakespeare's A Midsummer Night's Dream. The issue received a World Fantasy Award for short fiction in 1991. Dream first meets Shakespeare in Sandman #13, &#34;Men of Good Fortune.
This episode sets up the basis for the spin-off comic series Lucifer written by Mike Carey. Many characters who have parts to play later in the series are introduced. The two main characters in this tale, the ghosts of two school boys, never appear again in the Sandman series.
Louis was a young indigo plantation owner living south of New Orleans, Louisiana. Distraught with the death of his pious brother, he seeks death in any way possible. Louis feeds off a plague-ridden young girl one night, whom he finds next to the corpse of her mother. Fearing this, Lestat then turns the girl into a vampire "daughter"
Aeschylus' Seven against Thebes is a play by Sophocles. It is the story of two brothers, Eteocles and Polynices, who fight each other for control of the city of Thebes. The play ends with the brothers' deaths.
Tartarin is about a local hero of Tarascon, a small town in southern France. His invented adventures and reputation as a swashbuckler force him to travel to a prosaic Algiers in search of lions. Instead of finding a romantic, mysterious Oriental fantasy land, he finds a sordid world suspended between Europe and the Middle East.
The Kindly Ones is a single storyline written as a Greek tragedy, with Morpheus as its doomed hero and an aspect of the triad of witches, the Erinyes, as the Greek chorus. It pulls together various threads left dangling throughout the series, notably the grudges against Morpheus of several characters. In many places, Lyta is depicted as Medusa.
Detective Superintendent Douglas Archer is a British homicide detective assigned to Scotland Yard. He is called in to investigate a murder of a well-dressed man in an apartment in Shepherd Market. Archer soon discovers that the dead man was a British physicist named William Spode. Spode was part of a German military team working on developing an atomic bomb.
Finnegans Wake comprises 17 chapters, divided into four Books. Book I contains 8 chapters, Books II and III contain 4, and Book IV consists of only one short chapter. The chapters appear without titles, and while Joyce never provided The entire work is cyclical in nature: the last sentence-a fragment-recirculates to the beginning sentence.
The Lisbons are a Catholic family living in Grosse Pointe, Michigan in the 1970s. Cecilia, a stoic and astute girl described as an "outsider", attempts suicide by cutting her wrists. Lux begins a romance with local heartthrob Trip Fontaine. Trip negotiates with the overprotective Mr. and Mrs. Lisbon to take Lux to a homecoming dance, on the condition that he finds dates for the other three girls. After having sex with Trip on the high school football field after the dance, Lux misses her curfew.
Al Manheim is the drama critic of The New York Record. He is fascinated and disgusted by the figure of Sammy Glick. Glick rises from copy boy to the top of the screenwriting profession by backstabbing others. Manheim becomes an eyewitness to the birth of what was to become the Writers Guild.
Larry Darrell Larry moves to Paris and immerses himself in study and bohemian life. After two years of this "loafing," Isabel visits and Larry asks her to join his life. She cannot accept his vision of life and breaks up with him. Larry begins a sojourn through Europe, taking a job at a coal mine in Lens, France.
Harry Brock brings his showgirl mistress Billie Dawn with him to Washington, D.C. When Billie's ignorance becomes a liability to Brock's business dealings, he hires a journalist, Paul Verrall, to educate his girlfriend. In the process of learning, Billie realizes how corrupt Harry is and begins interfering with his plans.
Allan Quatermain is an adventurer and white hunter based in Durban, in what is now South Africa. He is approached by aristocrat Sir Henry Curtis and his friend Captain Good, seeking his help finding Sir Henry's brother. They take along a mysterious native, Umbopa, who seems more regal, handsome and well-spoken than most porters.
During an interstellar war one side develops a language, Babel-17, that can be used as a weapon. Learning it turns one into an unwilling traitor as it alters perception and thought. This is discovered by the beautiful starship captain, linguist, poet, and telepath Rydra Wong. The novel deals with several issues related to the peculiarities of language.
The planet Pao is a quiet backwater with a large, homogeneous, stolid population ruled by an absolute monarch: the Panarch. The current Panarch attempts to hire an offworld scientist, Lord Palafox from the Breakness Institute on the planet Breakness, as a consultant in order to reform Pao. Before the deal can be concluded, however, the Pan arch is assassinated by his brother Bustamonte, using mind-control over Panarch's own son, Beran Panasper, to do so.
In 1815 Edmond Dantès returns to Marseille to marry his fiancée Mercédès. He is imprisoned for 14 years in the Château d'If. He befriends the Abbé Faria, a fellow prisoner who claims knowledge of a massive treasure. When Faria dies, Dantés fakes an injury and convinces the smugglers to temporarily leave him on Monte Cristo. After recovering the treasure, he returns to
Ice-nine is an alternative structure of water that is solid at room temperature. When a crystal of ice-nine contacts liquid water, it becomes a seed crystal. The narrator, an everyman named John , describes a time when he was planning to write a book about what important Americans did on the day Hiroshima was bombed.
The book details the everyday life of Mildred Lathbury, a spinster in her thirties in 1950s England. Perpetually self-deprecating, but with the sharpest wit, Mildred keeps busy with near-romances, church jumble sales, and of course the ubiquitous cup of tea.
The Scarlet Pimpernel is set in 1792, during the early stages of the French Revolution. Marguerite St. Just, a beautiful French actress, is the wife of wealthy English fop Sir Percy Blakeney, a baronet. Meanwhile, the "League of the Scarlet PIMpernel" is a secret society of twenty English aristocrats, "one to command, and nineteen to obey"
The play is a re-enactment of the conflicts between King Henry II and Thomas Becket as the latter ascends to power. Becket begins as a clever, but hedonistic, companion; as a result of being created Archbishop of Canterbury, he is transformed into an ascetic. Ultimately, Becket is slaughtered by several of the king's nobles; and lastly we find the king thrust into penance for the episcopicide.
The book explores the aftermath of the crucifixion of Jesus through the experiences of the Roman tribune Marcellus Gallio and his Greek slave Demetrius. In Jerusalem during Passover, Mar cellus ends up carrying out the crucifixions of Jesus, but is troubled since he believes Jesus to be innocent of any crime. Prince Gaius, in an effort to rid Rome of Marcelles, banishes MarcellUS to the command of theRoman garrison at Minoa, a port city in southern Palestine.
The Closing of the American Mind is a critique of the contemporary university and how Bloom sees it as failing its students. Bloom's critique extends beyond the university to speak to the general crisis in American society. For Bloom, the failure of contemporary liberal education leads to the sterile social and sexual habits of modern students.
The play chronicles the days leading up to the martyrdom of Thomas Becket. Becket's internal struggle is the main focus of the play. The book is divided into two parts. Part one takes place in the Archbishop Thomas Beckett's hall on December 2, 1170. Part II takes place at the Cathedral on December 29, 11 70. Four knights arrive with "Urgent business" from the king.
The story is set in 1790 in the countryside around the Dutch settlement of Tarry Town in a secluded glen called Sleepy Hollow. The most infamous spectre in the Hollow is the Headless Horseman, said to be the ghost of a Hessian trooper who had his head shot away by a stray cannonball during "some nameless battle"
Richard Hannay, the protagonist and narrator, an expatriate Scot, returns from a long stay in southern Africa to his new home, a flat in London. Four days later Hannay returns home to find Scudder dead with a knife through his Hannay decides to go into hiding in Scotland and then to contact the authorities at the last minute. The plot is thwarted and the United Kingdom enters the First World War having kept its military secrets from the enemy.
King Leontes of Sicilia begs his childhood friend, King Polixenes of Bohemia, to extend his visit to Sicilia. Polixene protests that he has been away from his kingdom for nine months, but after Leonte's pregnant wife, Hermione, pleads with him he relents and agrees to stay a little longer. Meanwhile, the queen gives birth to a girl, and her loyal friend Paulina brings the baby to the king.
The first person narrative begins on 11 September 2001. Ken Nott is at a loft party in London at the crucial moment. The reader hears many of Nott's shock-jock lines and sees him described as a drug and booze fuelled, sexually promiscuous party animal.
Siegfried's youthful exploits involved winning a treasure and lands from a pair of brothers, Nibelung and Schilbung, whom Siegfried had killed. Siegfried leaves his treasure in the charge of a dwarf named Alber Gunther requests Siegfried to sail with him to the fictional city of Isenstein in Iceland to win the hand of Iceland's Queen, Brünhild. After seeing the boulder and javelin, it becomes apparent Siegfried, with his
An elderly Jesuit priest named Father Lankester Merrin is leading an archaeological dig in northern Iraq and is studying ancient relics. A series of omens alerts him to a pending confrontation with a powerful evil, which, unknown to the reader at this point, he has battled before in an exorcism in Africa. Meanwhile, a young girl named Regan MacNeil living with her famous mother, actress Chris MacNeil, becomes inexplicably ill.
The Sweet Hereafter is a multiple first person narrative novel. It is set in a small town in Upstate New York in the wake of a terrible school bus accident. The book, written in 1991, was chosen in 1998 by Nancy Pearl, the then Director of the Washington Center for the Book at the Seattle Public Library.
Martin Lynch-Gibbon is a 41-year-old well-to-do wine merchant. His childless marriage to an older woman called Antonia has been one of convenience rather than love. It never occurs to him that his ongoing affair with a young academic called Georgie could be immoral.
George Bowling, the forty-five-year-old protagonist, reveals his life and experiences while undertaking a trip back to his boyhood home as an adult. The themes of the book are nostalgia, the folly of trying to go back and recapture past glories and the easy way the dreams of one's youth can be smothered by the humdrum routine of work, marriage and getting old.
Peter, Ender's brother, is now Hegemon of Earth. Bean is reluctant to have children, as he does not want his Anton's Key gene to be passed on. Peter had planned for Bean to operate the mission, but at the last minute assigns Suriyawong, a battle school student from Thailand, to rescue Achilles.
This novel is set in the 24th and 25th Centuries, when the solar system has been colonised. Told from the point of view of Professor Bill Reynolds, a scholar in the fictitious discipline of 'micropaloentology' Reynolds is writing a thesis on fame and in his research discovers a dissertation on comedy submitted by Carlton. Carlton seeks to understand the nature of comedy and human laughter, and attempts to describe humor as a mathematical formula.
Siegfried Sassoon is a Scottish poet. He declares against the continuation of the war. He is labelled "shell-shocked" by an army psychiatrist at Craiglockhart. Sassoon had hoped for a court-martial so that his opinion could be publicly aired. The opening chapters of the novel describe the suffering of other soldiers in the hospital.
House of Leaves begins with a first-person narrative by Johnny Truant, a Los Angeles tattoo parlor employee and professed unreliable narrator. The interior of the house is found to be seemingly expanding, while maintaining the same exterior proportions. A closet-like space shut behind an undecorated door appears inexplicably where previously there was only a blank wall.
Pelafina writes these letters to Johnny from The Three Attic Whalestoe Institute, a mental institution where she has been residing for a number of years. A number of these letters appear in House of Leaves, but this new edition includes a number more letters.
Restoree is the story of Sara, an introverted, beak-nosed, 24-year-old virgin librarian from New York who is abducted by the Mil. She is kept alive, with her skin removed and in a catatonic state from the physical and mental shock, on a meat hook as a Mil meal until the alien ship she is on is captured by human inhabitants of the planet Lothar.
The title character, a Lieutenant Junior Grade naval officer, defends his crew against the petty tyranny of the ship's commanding officer during World War II. Nearly all action takes place on a backwater cargo ship, the USS Reluctant that sails, as written in the play, "from apathy to tedium"
Cat on a Hot Tin Roof is the story of a Southern family in crisis, especially the husband and wife Brick and Margaret. The family is aware that Brick has not slept with Maggie for a long time, which has strained their marriage. Brick's indifference and his drinking escalated with the recent suicide of his friend Skipper. All family members are aware of Big Daddy's true diagnosis: he is dying of cancer.
The novel tells the story of a young, narcissistic, womanizing college athlete who abandons his early ambition to become a lawyer. The legal profession does not suit the unethical Gantry, who then becomes a notorious and cynical alcoholic. Gantry is mistakenly ordained as a Baptist minister, briefly acts as a "New Thought" evangelist, and eventually becomes a Methodist minister.
Gertrude Coppard meets a rough-hewn miner at a Christmas dance and falls into a whirlwind romance characterized by physical passion. The refined daughter of a "good old burgher family," Mrs. Morel's affections shift to her sons beginning with the oldest, William. As a boy, William is so attached to his mother that he doesn't enjoy the fair without her.
Tender is a member of the fanatical Creedish cult, which engaged in a mass suicide ten years previously. He is one of the last two survivors of the Creedish Church. Tender is given steroid injections, health food, teeth caps, and is made to exercise and diet incessantly until he is the model of attractiveness.
Main character in the book is a Lithuanian man called Jurgis Rudkus, an immigrant to the United States trying to make ends meet. The book begins describing the wedding feast beginning at four o'clock after the marriage in Chicago of JurgIs to a fifteen year old Lithuanian girl named Ona Lukoszaite.
A con man known as "Professor" Harold Hill tries to convince parents he can teach their musically disinclined children to play musical instruments. "I think I shall have to give Iowa a try," says Professor Harold Hill. The townspeople of River City describe their reserved, "chip-on-the-shoulder attitude"
All civilian life moves from the surface of the earth to a collection of underground shelter complexes. It later emerges that the orders given have been wholly automatic, and the war has taken place as a series of electronic responses to an initial accident. Toward the end of the novel, the inhabitants of the surviving shelters gradually find their deaths, as the surface contamination makes its way down past air filters and into ground water sources.
Machiavelli's most well-known work, The Prince, contains a chapter on fear. The prince should, ideally, be virtuous, but he should be willing and able to abandon those virtues if it becomes necessary. A prince that is highly respected by his people is unlikely to face internal struggles. External fears are of foreign powers.
A black sharecropper's family is poor and hungry. The father and his dog, Sounder, go hunting each night, but the hunting is poor. The family subsists on fried corn mush, biscuits, and milk gravy until one morning they wake up to the smell of boiling ham. They feast for three days, but finally the sheriff and two of his deputies burst into the cabin and arrest the father.
The novel is set in an era in which interstellar travel is in the process of being discovered and perfected. Before the novel's opening, "hyper-assistance" is used to move a reclusive space station colony called Rotor from the vicinity of Earth to the newly discovered red dwarf, Nemesis.
The main character, Tucker Case , is a pilot for a cosmetics company, who crashes the company plane while having sex. This event causes Tuck to be blacklisted from flying in the United States, so he accepts a lucrative offer from a doctor-missionary on a remote Micronesian island. Tuck moves to the island, along with a male Filipino transvestite navigator and a talking fruit bat.
Pine Cove suffers a major crisis when the town psychiatrist, Val Riordan &mdash; suffers a sudden bout of guilt and substitutes all of her patients' anti-depressants with placebos. By coincidence, human-generated environmental activity stirs a prehistoric sea-beast from its underwater keep to come ashore. The beast exudes a pheromone that inspires uncontrollable lust among the residents of Pine Cove and also lures some of them as prey.
Alice from Alice's Adventures in Wonderland, Dorothy from The Wizard of Oz and Wendy from Peter Pan are visiting the expensive mountain resort "Hotel Himmelgarten" in Austria on the eve of World War I. The women meet by chance and begin to exchange erotic stories from their pasts. The stories are based on the childhood fantasy worlds of the three women.
Marcia, Letty, Norman and Edwin all work together in the same office, are all unmarried and have all reached retirement age. All four find retirement difficult to cope with, but the effects are most noticeable for Marcia. She gradually withdraws from the outside world, gives up eating, and eventually dies in pathetic circumstances.
The two heroines, Belinda and Harriet Bede, are Barbara herself and her sister, Hilary. Many of the characters in the book are based on Pym's own circle, as she pictured them in twenty or thirty years' time. Archdeacon Hoccleve, a married clergyman for whom Belinda has long nurtured a passion, is believed to be based on first love Henry Harvey.
The Satyricon is regarded by classicists as emblematic of Menippean satire. The work is narrated by its central figure, Encolpius, a former gladiator. The surviving sections of the novel begin with a companion and former lover named Ascyltos. In the final passage, historical examples of cannibalism are cited.
Diamond argues that Eurasian civilization is not so much a product of ingenuity as of natural selection. The first step towards civilization is the move from hunter-gatherer to agriculture. Agricultural production leads to food surpluses, which supports sedentary societies. Large societies tend to develop ruling classes and supporting bureaucracies.
Norman and Ethel arrive at the summer house, finding it in need of repairs. There are hints that Norman is having problems with his memory. The mailman, Charlie, reminisces about the Thayer's daughter, Chelsea, whom he used to date. Chelsea returns, and reveals that she and Billy are now married.
A young British schoolmistress and her elderly friend visit the fictional city of Chandrapore, British India. Dr. Az Aziz sees a strange Englishwoman there, and angrily yells at her not to profane this sacred place. The run-up to Aziz's trial for attempted sexual assault releases the racial tensions between the British and the Indians.
Lucy Honeychurch is touring Italy with her overbearing older cousin and chaperone, Charlotte Bartlett. The novel opens with their complaints about the hotel, "The Pension Bertolini" Lucy meets the Emersons in Santa Croce, where she witnesses a murder. Lucy decides to avoid George, partly because she is confused by her feelings and partly to keep her cousin happy.
"The Day" is based on the bombing of Miami and nearby Homestead Air Force Base. The family sees the nuclear explosion and mushroom cloud that destroys Tampa and Jacksonville is destroyed by a follow-on Soviet nuclear strike. The book ends with the central characters bravely facing the "thousand year night" ahead.
Christian Scientists often call it their "textbook" Science and Health encapsulates the teachings of Christian Science. At Sunday services, passages from the book are read along with passages from Bible. Eddy called the two books Christian Science's "dual and impersonal pastor"
18-year-old Caroline "Sister Carrie" Meeber takes the train to Chicago. Carrie soon embarks on a quest for work to pay rent to her sister and her husband. Carrie long has harbored theatrical ambitions and has a natural aptitude for imitation and expressing pathos.
The plot revolves around Macon Leary, a writer of travel guides whose son has been killed in a shooting at a fast-food restaurant. Macon hires Muriel Pritchett, a quirky young woman with a sickly son, to train his unruly dog. When his wife Sarah becomes aware of the situation, she decides they should reconcile.
Biff has been resurrected in the present day to complete missing parts of the Bible, supposedly under the watchful eye of the angel Raziel. Biff is made to write down his account of the decades missing from Jesus' life. During these years he and Joshua travel to the East to seek the Three Wise Men who attended Joshua's birth so that he may learn how to become the Messiah.
The Remains of the Day tells the story of Stevens, an English butler. Stevens has dedicated his life to the loyal service of Lord Darlington. The novel begins with Stevens receiving a letter from a former colleague. As the book progresses, increasing evidence of Miss Kenton's one-time love for Stevens, and of his for her.
Raskolnikov, a conflicted former student, lives in a tiny, rented room in Saint Petersburg. He refuses all help, even from his friend Razumikhin, and devises a plan to murder and to rob an After much deliberation, Raskolnkov sneaks into Alyona Ivanovna's apartment where he murders her with an axe. He also kills her half-sister, Lizaveta, who happens to stumble upon the Rasksoln
The central premise of the book is that gods are created by humans' necessity and desire for them. Because nobody worships them, many become destitute, like the tramps whom Dirk witnesses entering Valhalla. Odin, like all the gods, is naive and quite literally unworldly; this is how the Draycotts are able to take advantage of him.
First episode covers the period from the betrothal of Hrútr Herjólfsson and Unnr to the ugly legacy of their divorce. The saga next follows this niece, Hallgerðr, through her first marriage. She charms a number of dubious characters into killing members of Njáll's household.
First person narrator of the novel is an unnamed medical doctor turned politician. MP is casually introduced to his grown-up son's enigmatic girlfriend Anna. For as long as it lasts, Martyn, his son, has no idea that his father is having an extramarital affair with his girlfriend.
The story concerns a family who move to "Three Chimneys", a house near the railway. The father, who works at the Foreign office, is imprisoned as a result of being falsely accused of selling state secrets to the Russians. The theme of an innocent man being falsely imprisoned for espionage and finally vindicated might have been influenced by the Dreyfus Affair.
Duncan Makenzie is the latest generation of the 'first family' of Titan, a colonised moon of Saturn. Titan's economy has flourished based on the harvest and sale of hydrogen mined from the atmosphere. As the plot opens in 2276, a number of factors are combining to make a diplomatic visit to the 'mother world' of Earth a necessity.
The story takes place at the castellated abbey of the "happy and dauntless and sagacious" Prince Prospero. Prospero and one thousand other nobles have taken refuge in this walled abbey to escape the Red Death. One night, Prospero holds a masquerade ball to entertain his guests in seven colored rooms.
The story begins as two strangers, Vianne Rocher, and her small daughter Anouk, move into the small French village of Lansquenet-sous-Tannes. They are brought by 'the wind' during the last days of carnival, and they settle and open a chocolaterie, La Céleste Praline. The village priest, Francis Reynaud, is initially mystified, because Lent has just begun, but his confusion turns rapidly to anger.
Rivers has been cured of shell-shock and is preparing to return to France. Prior, despite his new-found peace of mind and engagement to munitions worker Sarah, has been affected by the war. Rivers, concerned for Prior's safety, finally recognises that his relationship with Prior, and his other patients for that matter, is deeply paternal.
The book centers on Rosemary Woodhouse, a young woman who has just moved into the Bramford, an old Gothic Revival style New York City apartment building. After receiving a warning from a friend, who also becomes mysteriously ill, Rosemary investigates and confirms that her neighbors are the leaders of a Satanic coven. They plan to use Rosemary as a vessel to carry a child spawned from Satan himself.
Li RM35M4419, nicknamed "Chip" by his nonconformist grandfather Jan, is a typical child Member. Through his grandfather's encouragement, he learns how to play a game of "wanting things" Chip and Lilac begin to search through old museum maps and soon discover islands around the world that have disappeared from their modern map.
Yakov Liebermann is a Nazi hunter who documents crimes against humanity. He receives a phone call from a young man in Brazil who claims to have eavesdropped on the so-called "Angel of Death" Dr. Josef Mengele. According to the young man, Mengesle is sending out six Nazis to kill 94 men, who share a few common traits.
The story is told by an old man who reveals that he only appears old. Inspired by the Moskstraumen, it is couched as a story within a story. A tale told at the summit of a mountain climb in Lofoten, Norway. The narrator is convinced by the power of the whirlpools he sees in the ocean beyond.
Kay Norris makes the acquaintance of a handsome and friendly young man who lives in the same "sliver" building. It then turns out that he is a modern-day Peeping Tom who has had surveillance cameras and microphones installed in every single apartment of the house. The novel is also a murder mystery, and the beautiful heroine soon becomes a damsel in distress herself.
The story surrounds the baffling double murder of Madame L'Espanaye and her daughter in the Rue Morgue, a fictional street in Paris. The mother's throat is so badly cut that her head is barely attached and the daughter, after being strangled, has been stuffed into the chimney. The murder occurs in an inaccessible room on the fourth floor locked from the inside. Neighbors who hear the murder give contradictory accounts, each claiming that he heard the murderer speaking a different language.
A letter has been stolen from the boudoir of an unnamed female by the unscrupulous Minister D-. It is said to contain compromising information. D- was in the room, saw the letter, and switched it for a letter of no importance. He has been blackmailing his victim. A month later, the Prefect returns, still bewildered in his search for the missing letter.
The work recounts the life of a son of the Japanese emperor, known to readers as Hikaru Genji, or "Shining Genji" For political reasons, Genji is relegated to commoner status and begins a career as an Genji's mother dies when he is three years old, and the Emperor cannot forget her.
The story starts out on April 18, 1800, in Port Mahon, Minorca, a base of the Royal Navy at that time. A shipless lieutenant wasting away in port, Jack Aubrey, meets Stephen Maturin, a poor half-Irish and half-Catalan physician and natural philosopher, at an evening concert. The two of them do not quite get along during this first encounter. A duel almost occurs when Aubrey gets elbowed by MaturIn to stop beating the time while the string quartet is playing.
A local farmer, Jabez Stone, is plagued with unending bad luck, causing him to finally swear that "it's enough to make a man want to sell his soul to the devil!" Stone is visited the next day by a Mr. Scratch who tells him his fortune in his palm. He foretells Webster's failure to ever become President, the death of Webster's sons, and the backlash of his last speech.
Redmond Barry of Bally Barry, born to a genteel but ruined Irish family, fancies himself a gentleman. He is a hot-tempered, passionate lad, and falls madly in love with his cousin, Nora. Sadly, as she is a spinster a few years older than Redmond, she is seeking a prospect with more ready cash to pay family debts. Redmond flees to Dublin, where he quickly falls in with bad company in the way of con artists, and soon loses all his money. He enlists as a common private in an infantry regiment headed for service in Germany.
The Eternity of the title is an organization and a place which exists outside time. The Eternals are troubled that beyond a certain point in the future they are blocked by unknown means from entering Time. Beyond the Hidden Centuries they can emerge, but find the earth devoid of human life. A key plot element which The protagonist is a Technician named Andrew Harlan, who finds himself involved in an ontological paradox.
The novel tells the story of Colonel Thomas Newcome, a virtuous and upstanding character. It is equally the story. of Colonel Newcome's son, Clive, who studies and travels for the purpose of becoming a painter. Dozens of background characters appear, fade, and reappear.
The novel begins in Marseilles "thirty years ago" with the notorious murderer Rigaud informing his cell mate that he has murdered his wife. There is also the character Arthur Clennam, who is returning to London to see his William Dorrit, imprisoned as a debtor. Arthur's real mother died of grief at being separated from Arthur and his father.
The protagonist is a Boston aristocrat who is captured by a Native American tribe. Initially enslaved, he comes to respect his captors' culture and gains their respect. He joins the tribe by showing his bravery and, later, gets back his dignity by marrying his owner's daughter. Taking the native name "Horse," he becomes a respected member of the tribe.
E.M. Forster's "Where Angels Fear to Tread" is one of his best known novels. In it, the widowed Lilia Herriton falls in love with both Italy and Gino, a handsome Italian much younger than herself. The tragic death of Lilia's child spurs a series of drastic changes within the story.
This story takes place in a town called, "Q" which is actually a fictitious version of Pakistan. The 3 sisters simultaneously pretend to give birth to Omar Khayyám Shakil. While growing up, Omar becomes mischievous and learns hypnosis. He enrolls in a school and is convinced by his tutor to become a doctor.
Trent's Last Case is actually the first novel in which gentleman sleuth Philip Trent appears. The novel is a whodunit with a place in detective fiction history because it is the first major sendup of that genre. Not only does Trent fall in love with one of the primary suspects, he also draws all the wrong conclusions.
Play is one of Beckett's most "musical' pieces with a chorus for three voices. All three characters recite their own lines, in what Beckett terms a "chorus" The style is reminiscent of Mouth's logorrhoea in Not I. Clichés and puns abound.
Edward Waverley has been brought up in the family home by his uncle. His uncle maintains the family Tory and Jacobite sympathies. Edward's Whig father works for the Hanoverian government in nearby London. He is posted to Dundee, then promptly takes leave to visit Baron Bradwardine. He meets the Baron's lovely daughter Rose.
The story follows the 200-year-long life of the vampire Lestat de Lioncourt. After escaping his family and running off to Paris with his friend and confidante Nicolas de Lenfent. Lest at abandons Nicki for fear of causing him harm and shuns contact with his loved ones.
At the beginning of the story, Lestat grows depressed and becomes remorseful because of his vampiric nature. The "coven" of vampires formed at the end of The Queen of the Damned has long since broken. A mysterious figure, Raglan James - the eponymous "Body Thief" of the stories - is a kleptomaniac who enjoys stealing for the thrill of it.
The novel follows up on claims made by David Talbot in The Tale of the Body Thief that God and the Devil are on better terms than most Christians believe. It also reinterprets biblical stories to create a complete history of Earth, Heaven and Hell that fit neatly with the history of vampires given in The Queen of the Damned.
Crusoe was marooned at the Bay of Bengal for a long time. He bought a little farm in Bedford and had three children: two sons and one daughter. But Providence unhinged him at once, with the loss of his wife. Our hero suffered a distemper and a desire to see "his island"
The 120 Days Of Sodom is not a complete novel. Only the first section is written in detail. The remaining three parts are written as a draft, in note form, with Sade's footnotes to himself still present in most translations. The story does portray some black humor, and Sade seems almost lighthearted in his introduction, referring to the reader as "friend reader"
Hé Tolstoy's novel is about a man who struggles with his passions and his spiritual conflicts to be a better man. The novel begins in July 1805 in Saint Petersburg, at a soirée given by Anna Pavlovna Scherer. The plot moves to Moscow, Russia's ancient city and former capital.
The story is set primarily in and around Melbourne, Australia, in 1963. The only parts of the planet still habitable are Australia and New Zealand, South Africa, and the southern parts of South America. Commander Dwight Towers has become attached to a young Australian woman distantly related to Osborne named Moira Davidson. He asks Moira if she thinks he is insane for acting as if they were still alive.
The Rougon-Macquart cycle is Zola's first novel. The novel is set in pre-Revolutionary Provence. The main character, Adelaide Fouque, is a common ancestor for both the Rougon and Macquart. The first English translation by Henry Vizetelly was published in 1886.
The novel opens in 1857 with Rougon's career at a low ebb. In conflict with the Emperor over an inheritance claim involving a relative of the Empress, Rougon resigns from his position as premier of the Corps législatif before he can be dismissed. Rougon uses this as an opportunity to punish his political adversaries and deport anti-imperialists.
The book opens with scenes of astonishing opulence, beginning with Renée and Maxime lazing in a luxurious horse-drawn carriage. Zola then rewinds time to pick up the story practically minutes after La Fortune des Rougon ended. The rest of the novel takes place after Saccard has made his fortune, against the backdrop of his luxurious mansion.
The novel follows the fortunes of about 20 characters, cutting across all social strata. The financial events of the novel are played against Saccard's personal life. The fall of the Banque is felt across the entire financial world. The effects on the characters of L'argent are disastrous, including complete ruin and exile.
The novel follows Oedipa Maas, a Californian housewife. She becomes entangled in a convoluted historical mystery when her ex-lover dies and designates her the co-executor of his estate. The catalyst of her adventure is a set of stamps that may have been used by a secret underground postal delivery service, the Trystero.
The novel is set in a world that is tidally locked. One side of the planet is always in light, and the other in darkness. Science rules on the dayside, while magic holds sway in the night. Jack of Shadows is unique among the magical beings in that he draws his power from shadow itself.
Wimsey's mother, the Dowager Duchess of Denver, telephones to say that Thipps, an architect hired to do some work on her local church, has just found a dead body wearing nothing but a pair of pince-nez in the bath in his flat. Wimsey starts his own enquiry. Sir Reuben Levy, a famous financier, has disappeared from his own bedroom, and there has been a flurry of trading in some Peruvian oil shares. The trail leads to the teaching hospital near the architect's flat, and to surgeon and neurologist Sir Julian Freke.
Lord Peter Wimsey goes on an extended holiday in Corsica. He receives the news that his sister Mary's fiancé, Captain Denis Cathcart, has been found shot dead outside the Wimseys' shooting lodge at Riddlesdale in Yorkshire. His brother, Gerald, Duke of Denver, is arrested for the murder. Peter investigates several false avenues.
Wimsey discovers that the patient's great-niece - popular locally - had nursed her through her illness and was the intended heiress. The patient had a horror of contemplating death, however, and refused to listen to entreaties that she must make a will. A change in the law was imminent and meant that a great- niece would no longer inherit automatically and the estate would probably pass to the Crown. Killing her great-aunt before the legislation came in allowed the niece to secure the fortune intended for her.
General Fentiman has been estranged for years from his sister, Lady Dormer. He is called to her deathbed for a reconciliation, and learns the terms of her will. If she dies first he will inherit a fortune. The next day he is found dead in his armchair at the club. Suspicion falls on Ann Dorland, who was among the last persons to see the General.
Mystery author Harriet Vane has been accused of the murder of her former lover, Phillip Boyes. Boyes was a novelist and essayist who wrote in support of atheism, anarchy, and free love. He persuaded a reluctant Harriet to live with him against her principles and they led a Bohemian life in the London art community.
The story is set in Galloway, a part of Scotland popular with artists because of its landscapes. Sandy Campbell is a talented painter, but also a notoriously quarrelsome drunkard. When he is found dead in a stream, with a half-finished painting on the bank above, it is assumed at first that he fell in accidentally. Lord Peter Wimsey, who is in the region on a fishing holiday, points out the inconsistency which makes it impossible for Campbell himself to have worked on the painting. Campbell's death is now a murder case.
Harriet Vane and Wimsey are on a hiking holiday after her acquittal on murder charges in Strong Poison. They find the body of a man, with his throat cut and the blood still liquid, on an isolated rock on the shore. The death has been made to look like suicide, but they discover that he was the victim of an ingenious and complex murder plot.
Wimsey is stranded in Fenland village of Fenchurch St. Paul on New Year's Eve. He helps ring a nine-hour peal of bells overnight after Will Thoday, one of the ringers, is stricken. Hilary Thorpe, Sir Henry's daughter, finds a cipher in the bell chamber. Wimsey decodes the cipher and finds the emeralds still untouched in their hiding place in the church.
Lord Peter Wimsey and Harriet Vane plan to spend their honeymoon at Talboys, an old farmhouse in Harriet's native Hertfordshire. Arriving late at night, they are surprised to find the house locked up and not prepared for them. They gain access and spend their wedding night there, but next morning they discover the former owner, Noakes, dead in the cellar with head injuries. The quiet honeymoon is ruined as a murder investigation begins.
Lord and Lady Peter Wimsey are settling into their new home in London. Their daily life is affected by the illness and then death of the king. The couple become slightly acquainted with Laurence Harwell, a wealthy theatrical "angel" and his beautiful wife. When she is found dead at their weekend cottage in the country Wimsey is asked to help interview the distraught husband.
Lena Grove is a young pregnant woman from Doane's Mill, Alabama. She is trying to find Lucas Burch, the father of her unborn child. The narrative structure consists of three connected plot-strands. The novel leaves readers uncertain whether Joe Christmas or Joe Brown is the murderer.
Harry has a vision where he inhabits the body of a large snake, and attacks Ron's father. Dementors attack Harry and his cousin Dudley. Harry uses magic to defend himself and Dudley. He is temporarily expelled from Hogwarts for using magic outside of the school. Harry learns that he and Dumbledore have been made victims of a ministry smear campaign.
Dennett's view of consciousness is that it is the apparently serial account for the brain's underlying parallelism. One of the book's more controversial claims is that qualia do not exist. Dennett claims that our brains hold only a few salient details about the world, and this is the only reason we are able to function at all.
Strepsiades, an elderly Athenian, enrolls his son in the "thinkeria" so that he might learn the rhetorical skills necessary to defeat their creditors in court. The son thereby learns cynical disrespect for social mores and The Thinkery is a school for nerds and intellectual bums.
The Knights is a satire on political and social life in 5th-century Athens. The characters are drawn from real life and Cleon is clearly intended to be the villain. However it is also an allegory, the characters are figures Sausage seller Agoracritus vies with Cleon for the confidence of Demos.
During the reign of the penultimate Han sovereign, Emperor Ling, the Yellow Turban He Jin is General-in-Chief of the imperial armies. Fearing his growing power, the eunuchs led by Zhang Rang lure He Jin into the palace and murder him. In the final years of the Han Dynasty, incompetent eunuch deceive the emperor and persecute good officials.
Set in a near-future earth, the West and the East have been at war for more than a decade. The West is stealing oil from the East with specialized nuclear submarines that sneak into the underwater oil fields of the East. Each manned by a crew of four, these submarines undertake the most hazardous, stressful mission conceivable. The missions have been failing, with the last twenty submarines simply disappearing.
In the future, humankind has tried to develop artificial intelligence, succeeding only once, and then disastrously. The book tells the story of the seventh attempt in a series of experiments to create an artificial consciousness. For each attempt the scientists raise a group of clones. These clones are kept isolated and raised to believe that they will be the crew of a spaceship that will colonize a planet.
In Whipping Star, Jorj X. McKie is a saboteur extraordinary, a born troublemaker. As the novel opens, it is revealed that Calebans, who are beings visible to other sentient species as stars, have been disappearing one by one. Each disappearance is accompanied by millions of sentient deaths and instances of incurable insanity.
Jorj X. McKie is a Saboteur Extraordinary, one of the principals of the Bureau of Sabotage. He is the only human admitted to practice law before the Gowachin bar as a legum. The novel is set in a distant future when humans are part of an interstellar civilization called the ConSentiency.
Brin argues that a core level of privacy - protecting our most intimate interactions - may be preserved. He feels that this core privacy can be saved simply because that is what humans deeply need and want. Brin: Privacy is only possible if freedom is protected first. He argues that it will be good for society if the powers of surveillance are shared with the citizenry.
Sir Eustace Pennefather, a known womanizer, receives a complimentary box of chocolates through the post. The police can establish a few facts beyond any doubt: that the parcel was posted the previous evening near The Strand. At the very end of the novel, however, there is no doubt as to the identity of the perpetrator.
Oedipus is led by Antigone into the village of Colonus. They are approached by a villager, who demands that they leave. The ground is sacred to the Furies, or Erinyes. Oedipu tells the chorus that he killed his father in self-defence. The chorus is amazed, and decides to reserve their judgment.
Vurt tells the story of Scribble and his "gang", the Stash Riders, as they search for his missing sister/lover Desdemona. The novel is set in an alternate version of Manchester, England, in which society has been shaped by Vurt, a hallucinogenic drug/shared alternate reality.
Schlosser describes the evolution of fast food and how it has coincided with the advent of the automobile. Schlosser explains how the McDonald's Corporation modeled its marketing tactics on The Walt Disney Company. He concludes that, given the swift, decisive and effective action that took place as a result of this interest, many of the problems documented in the book are solvable, given enough political will.
The book tells the story of a psychiatrist named Luke Rhinehart who, feeling bored and unfulfilled in life, starts making decisions about what to do based on a roll of a dice. Along the way, there is sex, rape, murder, "dice parties", breakouts by psychiatric patients, and various corporate and governmental machines being put into a spin.
The book is set 20 years after the end of The Dice Man. Larry Rhinehart has grown up to become a hotshot investor on the stock market. He gets approached by the FBI, who are trying to trace his father's location, and find out whether he's alive or dead.
The novel is divided into eight parts. Its epigraph is Vengeance is mine, I will repay, from Romans 12:19. A railway worker accidentally falls in front of a train and is killed. Anna is uneasy about leaving her young son, Seryozha, alone for the first time.
The Adventures of Wim is a new book by Luke Rhinehart. The book is made up of sections taken from other, fictional books. The preface to the book claims that it was written in Deya, Majorca, in 2326. It is an effort to create a new interpretation of the story of Wim.
Rob Fleming is a London record store owner in his mid-thirties whose girlfriend, Laura, has just left him. Rob, recalling his five most memorable breakups, sets about getting in touch with the former girlfriends. Eventually, Rob's re-examination of his failed relationships and the death of Laura's father bring the two back together.
The setting is an English country house, where Mark Ablett has been entertaining a house party. Mark's long-lost brother Robert, the black sheep of the family, arrives from Australia and shortly thereafter is found dead, shot through the head. Tony Gillingham, a stranger who has just arrived to call on his friend Bill, decides to investigate.
Hans Brinker and his younger sister Gretel yearn to participate in December's great ice-skating race on the canal. Hans' father, Raff Brinker, is sick and amnesiac, with violent episodes, because of a head injury caused by a fall from a dike. Hans offers his own money, saved in the hope of buying steel skates, to the doctor to pay for his father's operation. Dr. Boekman provides the surgery for free, and Hans is able to buy good skates.
Dreamcatcher is set near the fictional town of Derry, Maine. It is the story of four lifelong friends who save Douglas "Duddits" Cavell, a young teen with Down syndrome. The friends discover that eating or inhaling the red mold causes large worm-like aliens, called byrum to infest the host.
The story concerns a hypothetical World War III between the USSR and the United States. One family and some friends try to run away in a sailboat. The story describes their battles with nuclear winter and fallout, and with the ensuing collapse of civilization. "This is because the average Russian doesn't have a gun, so they can't all shoot each other and the army for food"
The plot of Foucault's Pendulum revolves around three friends, as relevant to the rule of three, named Belbo, Diotallevi and Casaubon. A number of sub-plots are woven into the grand theme of The Plan. Belbo finds himself the target of a very real secret society.
Commander Caractacus Pott is an inventor who buys and renovates an old car. The car, a "Paragon Panther," was the sole production of the Paragon motor-car company before it went bankrupt. After the restoration is complete, the car is named for the noises made by its starter motor and the characteristic two loud backfires it makes when it starts.
Orphaned almost from his first breath by his mother's death in childbirth and his father's unexplained absence. Oliver is meagerly provided for under the Oliver, a boy in a workhouse, asks for more gruel. The board of well-fed gentlemen hypocritically offer five pounds to take on the boy as an apprentice.
The story is primarily set in the Salinas Valley, California, between the beginning of the 20th century and the end of World War I. Some chapters are in Connecticut and Massachusetts, and the story goes as far back as the American Adam Trask's life is seen in a long, intricate flashback. Lee maintains that the story of Cain and Abel has been incorrectly translated.
The Old Man and the Sea is the story of a battle between an old, experienced Cuban fisherman and a large marlin. The novel opens with the explanation that the fisherman, who is named Santiago, has gone 84 days without catching a fish. On the eighty-fifth day, Santiago sets his lines and, by noon of the first day, a big fish that he is sure is a marlin takes his bait.
The novel opens with the first entry in Theo's diary. It is the year 2021, but the novel's events have their origin in 1995. In 1994, the sperm counts of human males plummeted to zero. Xan Lyppiatt appointed himself Warden of England in the last general election.
The West Berlin office of the British Secret Intelligence Service under the command of Station Head Alec Leamas, has been performing poorly. At the commencement of the novel, Karl Riemeck - his last and best double agent, a high George Smiley and his former assistant Peter Guillam brief Leamas for his crucial mission. In East Germany, Leamas meets Fiedler. During his debriefing, he drops casual hints that point to British payments to a double agent in
Four of John Singer's acquaintances make up the majority of the narrative. They are: Mick Kelly, a tomboyish young girl who loves music and dreams of buying a piano. Jake Blount, an alcoholic labor agitator. Biff Brannon, the observant owner of a diner. Benedict Copeland, an idealistic African American doctor.
The Great White Hope tells a fictional idealized life story of boxing champion Jack Johnson, here called Jack Jefferson. The play explores how segregation and prejudice created the demand for a "great white hope" who would defeat Johnson and how this, in turn, affected the boxer's life and career.
Despite the post-apocalyptic scenario, and several action sequences, the book is largely about civilization and symbols. Each of the three sections deals with a different symbol. In the third section, as the Postman joins forces with the Cyclops scientists in a war against an influx of "hypersurvivalists", he begins to find traces of them.
The novel opens with a prologue in which Gaston Leroux claims that Erik, the "Phantom of the Opera", was a real person. We are then introduced to Christine Daaé who with her father, a famous f Christine meets and befriends the young Raoul, Viscount of Chagny. Christine is eventually given a position in the chorus at the Paris Opera House.
Hercule Poirot boards the Orient Express in Constantinople. When a Mr. Harris fails to show up, PoiroT takes his place. The clues and circumstances of Ratchett's death are very mysterious. All of these clues suggest that the murderer or murderers were somewhat sloppy.
Harry Potter and the Chamber of Secrets begins as Harry spends a miserable summer with his only remaining family, the Dursleys. On Halloween, something petrifies the school caretaker's cat and writes a message declaring that Harry twice hears an eerie voice before the cat is attacked. Harry and Ron discover a piece of paper with a description of a Basilisk, a giant serpent that kills all who look it directly in the eye.
Martin Dysart is a psychiatrist in a psychiatric hospital. Dysart finds that there is a never-ending supply of troubled young people for him to "adjust" A court magistrate, Hesther Salomon, visits Alan to help him come to terms with his violent acts. Alan's sexual training began with his mother, who told him that the sexual act was dirty.
American Psycho is about the daily life of wealthy young investment banker Patrick Bateman. The novel maintains a high level of ambiguity through mistaken identity and contradictions. Whether any of the crimes depicted in the novel actually happened or whether they were simply the fantasies of a delusional psychotic is deliberately left open.
The real adventurer was James Brooke; Ms. Godshalk's is named Gideon Barr. James Brooke never married a European, although there is evidence that he was married to a Malay woman. Gideon Barr marries an Englishwoman to provide himself an "air of permanence" as Rajah.
The Universe was once ruled by the god Thoth, who administered the different forces in the Universe to keep things in balance. At some point, Thoth had awakened a dormant, malevolent force on a distant planet. This dark force is so powerful and malevolent that it nearly obliterated Thoth's wife and threatens to consume the galaxy. Thoth works to contain and destroy the creature, and in so doing, neglects his duties in maintaining the Universe.
The Handmaid's Tale is set in the near future in the Republic of Gilead, a country formed within the borders of what was formerly the United States of America. The story is presented from the point of view of a woman called Offred. The character is one of a class of individuals kept as concubines for reproductive purposes.
Christy Brown was diagnosed with cerebral palsy when he was four months old. He discovered his creative and artistic talents, becoming devoted to literature, writing and painting. At the age of 18, Brown went to Lourdes in France where he met individuals whose handicaps were even worse than his. For the first time in his life, he begins to experience energy and hope.
The play opens in the morning room of the Windermeres' residence in London. Lady Windermere is told by the Duchess that her husband may be betraying her marriage. She decides to check her husband's bank book and finds nothing amiss. On returning she discovers a second bank book: one with a lock.
Kino, a young, strong, poor pearl diver, lives in a small town, La Paz, with his wife Juana, and his baby son, Coyotito. When the baby is stung by a scorpion, Kino must find a way to pay the town doctor so he will cure him. Kino discovers an enormous pearl while out diving with Juana and he is ready to sell it for money. Sadly, other forces work against Kino.
Barchester Towers concerns the leading clergy of the imaginary cathedral city of Barchester. The much loved bishop having died, all expectations are that his son, Archdeacon Grantly, will succeed him. Instead, owing to the passage of the power of patronage to a new Prime Minister, a newcomer, the Evangelical Bishop Proudie, gains the see.
The novel, a black comedy, is set in Havana during the Fulgencio Batista regime. James Wormold, a vacuum cleaner retailer, is approached by Hawthorne, who offers him work for the British secret service. Wormold fakes his reports using information found in newspapers and invents a fictitious network of agents.
Kwei-lan is put into an arranged marriage, but her husband is not what she expects. He is a medical doctor and does not seem to take interest in her until after she asks him to unbind her feet. After they bond, they have a son together.
A game in the sense of Conway is a position in a contest between two players, Left and Right. Each player has a set of games called options to choose from in turn. Games that are not numbers have a fourth possibility: they may be fuzzy, meaning that the first player will win.
New York actor Jimmy Zoole is feeling depressed and unstable when he happens across a cat burglar, Vito, in his apartment. Vito once had a wife who left him after she discovered he was gay, and took their child with her. Jimmy questions his own orientation as his relationship to Vito takes on a homosexual dimension.
The novel opens in the seaside village of Black Hill Cove in south-west England in the mid-18th century. The narrator, James "Jim" Hawkins, is the young son of the owners of the Admiral Benbow Inn. He is visited by a mysterious sailor named Black Dog. Black Dog flees and Bones suffers a stroke. While Jim cares for him, Bones confesses that he was once the mate of the late notorious pirate, Captain Flint.
The brothers are not a particularly peaceful lot and end up quarreling with the local constable, jury, vicar, churchwarden, and teachers. When they are required to learn to read before they can accept church confirmation and therefore official adulthood-and marry-they escape. Eventually they end up moving to distant Impivaara in the middle of relative wilderness, but their first efforts are shoddy.
The book is presented as a manuscript by its protagonist, a middle-aged man named Harry Haller. In his aimless wanderings about the city he encounters a person carrying an advertisement for a magic theatre who gives him a small book, Treatise on the Steppenwolf. The pamphlet gives an explanation of the multifaceted and indefinable nature of every man's soul, which Harry is either unable or unwilling to recognize.
 Fleming structured the novel in three sections-"Happenstance", "Coincidence" and" Enemy action"-which was how Goldfinger described Bond's three seemingly coincidental meetings with him. Bond follows Goldfinger as he takes his vintage Rolls-Royce Silver Ghost via air ferry to Switzerland, driven by Oddjob. Bond foils an assassination attempt on Goldfinger by Jill Masterton's sister, Tilly.
Ironweed is set during the Great Depression and tells the story of Francis Phelan, an alcoholic vagrant originally from Albany, New York. The novel focuses on Francis's return to Albany and his hallucinations of the three people, other than his son, whom he killed in the past.
Susanna Kaysen is admitted to McLean Hospital, in Belmont, Massachusetts, after attempting suicide. Susanna is diagnosed with borderline personality disorder, and her stay extends to 18 months. Fellow patients Polly, Cynthia, Lisa, Lisa Cody, Georgina and Daisy contribute to Susanna's experiences at McLean.
Great God Om tries to manifest himself once more in the world, as the time of his eighth prophet is nigh. He is surprised, however, when he finds himself in the body of a tortoise, stripped of his divine powers. Brutha is gifted with an eidetic memory and is chosen by Vorbis, the head of the Quisition, to come along on a diplomatic mission to Ephebe.
 plot revolves around the comfortable relationship between widower Harry and his gay son Jeff. Harry unconditionally loves his Rugby-playing son, and even takes an active part in Jeff's search for Mr. Right. Harry suffers a massive stroke and is disabled, leaving him unable to speak or walk. Jeff's new boyfriend, Greg, who is closeted from his own homophobic father, finds it difficult to relate to Harry's well-meaning matchmaking ways.
In Ankh-Morpork, a Klatchian Prince named Havelock Vetinari, resigns-apparently of his own free will-and Lord Rust takes command of the city. Vimes, refusing to follow Rust stands down Vimes recruits the Watch into his own private army regiment, reasoning that, as an official noble, he is entitled to do so.
Linda, the second Radlett daughter, is Fanny's best friend and the main character of the novel. The early chapters recount the Radlett children's bizarre upbringing, including their contrasting obsessions with hunting and preventing cruelty to animals. The Radlett daughters receive little in the way of formal education. As Linda grows older she is consumed by a desire for romantic love and marriage.
Sir Hugo Drax is the product of a mysterious background, unknown even to himself. As a supposed British soldier in World War II, he was badly injured and stricken with amnesia in the explosion of a bomb planted by a German saboteur at a British field headquarters. After extensive rehabilitation in an army hospital, however, he eventually returned home to become a major aerospace industrialist. After building his fortune and establishing himself in business and society, Drax started building the "Moonraker", Britain's first nuclear missile project.
Sophie's Choice is narrated by Stingo, a novelist who is recalling the summer when he began his first novel. While he is working on his novel, he is drawn into the lives of the lovers Nathan Landau and Sophie Zawistowska. Sophie is a Polish-Catholic survivor of the concentration camps of World War II, and Nathan is a Jewish-American.
George Fairweather is a competent but cynical former British officer in his early forties. Pursuing Te Kooti as an officer and commander in the colonial militia. In the end he almost throws his future away by struggling to save a Maori boy, Hamiora, unjustly charged with treason.
When an IRA bomb goes off, the wife and children of molecular biologist John Roe O'Neill are killed on May 20, 1996. Driven halfway insane by loss, his mind fragments into several personalities that carry out his plan for him. He plans a genocidal revenge and creates a plague that kills women, then releases it in Ireland, England and Libya.
Christian is the protagonist of the allegory, which centres itself in his journey from his hometown, the "City of Destruction" , to the "Celestial City" atop Mt. Zion. Christian is weighed down by a great burden and leaves his home, his wife, and children to save himself. Obstinate and Pliable go after Christian to bring him back, but Christian refuses.
Gilbert Dasein is hired by corporate interests to investigate a town in a valley where marketing seems totally ineffective. Santarogans aren't hostile, they just won't shop there; neither are they xenophobic, instead appearing maddeningly self-satisfied with their quaint, local lifestyle. A psychologist's college girlfriend, Jenny, has returned to Santaroga.
The action of Orlando Furioso takes place against the background of the war between the Christian emperor Charlemagne and the Saracen King of Africa. Orlando has been tempted to forget his duty to protect the emperor through his love for the pagan princess Angelica. The epic contains many other characters, including Orlando's cousin, the paladin Rinaldo, who is also in love with Angelica; the thief Brunello; and the tragic heroine Isabella.
The Anatomy of Melancholy is an especially lengthy book, the first edition being a single quarto volume nearly 900 pages long. Much of the book consists of quotations from various ancient and mediæval medical authorities, beginning with Hippocrates, Aristotle, and Galen. The text is divided into three major sections plus an introduction, the whole written in Burton's sprawling style.
The poem-part theological allegory, part social satire-concerns the narrator's intense quest for the true Christian life. This quest entails a series of dream-visions and an examination into the lives of three allegorical characters. The poem begins in the Malvern Hills in Malvern, Worcestershire.
NATO aircraft manage to sharply reduce Soviet ground superiority on the first night of the war. Foch is sunk, the amphibious assault carrier Saipan explodes, and the two American carriers are forced to spend several weeks in dry. A failed bomber raid on the NATO naval forces attacking Iceland essentially means Victory in the Atlantic. The story of the aftermath of the conflict is left untold.
The first part of the book explains 'how to find happiness at the expense of your co-workers' The book includes a response to Norman Solomon, who attempted to depict Scott Adams as a proponent of downsizing in his 1997 book, The Trouble with Dilbert. The last words in the book are "That pet ownership, my friend, is joy".
The story concerns a young married woman, Constance , whose upper-class husband, Clifford Chatterley, has been paralyzed due to a war injury. Her sexual frustration leads her into an affair with the gamekeeper, Oliver Mellors. The novel is about Constance's realisation that she cannot live with the mind alone; she must also be alive physically.
Duncan Patullo returns to his old college, after a long absence. In The Gaudy he encounters a number of old friends, including Albert Talbert, his former tutor, Lord Marchpayne, and fellow Scot Ranald McKechnie. Fantasy writer and Oxford don J. R. R Tolkien appears as the elderly "Professor Timberlake" in this novel.
The majority of 'The Sorrows of Young Werther' is presented as a collection of letters written by Werther, a young artist of highly sensitive and passionate temperament. In these letters, Werther gives a very intimate account of his stay in the fictional village of Wahlheim. He meets Charlotte, a beautiful young girl who is taking care of her siblings following the death of their mother.
Tom and Partridge meet a man who was expelled from Oxford. He had to flee to London with his mistress to escape being expelled. Molly wears a dress to church - given to her mother by Sophia Western. She throws herself at Tom, and he Blifil will inherit the estate and Tom will.
The play begins with Richard describing the accession to the throne of his brother, King Edward. Richard is an ugly hunchback who is "r Richard plots to have his brother Clarence conducted to the Tower of London over a prophecy he fed to the King. Richard next ingratiates himself with "the Lady Anne" - Anne Neville, widow of the Lancastrian Edward of
 Camus' novel posits that freedom from suffering is attained only through submission to something greater than oneself. The novel ends on a sinister note. It would have to be fulfilled. But let's reassure ourselves. It's too late now, it will always be too late. "It's a good thing we're in the U.S. now. Fortunately!"
The Golden Hour tells the story of Rowan and Nina's adventures the summer after their mother's death. Rowan's life is at an all-time low: his father has turned to drinking, the family business is becoming a financial disaster, and his musically talented ten-year-old sister Nina has become withdrawn.
Thomas Jerome Newton is a humanoid alien who comes to Earth seeking to construct a spaceship to ferry others from his home planet, Anthea, to Earth. Anthea is experiencing a terrible drought after many nuclear wars, and the population has dwindled to less than 300. Like all Antheans, he is super-intelligent, but he has been selected to complete this mission for his strength.
 Geneticist John Hobson has a nightmare of falling from a great height. He awakes in his hotel room in Thames, New Zealand. All humans and animals have disappeared. Apirana Maketu, a Maori and a lance-corporal in the New Zealand Army.
Milo is a boy bored by the world around him; every activity seems a waste of time. Milo is rescued by Tock, a "watchdog" with an alarm clock attached to him, who joins him on his journey. Along the way they meet such characters as Alec Bings, In the Mountains of Ignorance.
Pongo and Missis Pongo are a pair of Dalmatians who live with the newly married Mr. and Mrs. Dearly and their two nannies. The dogs consider the humans their pets, but allow the humans to think that they are the owners. Missis gives birth to a litter of 15 puppies. Concerned that Missis will not be able to feed them all, the humans join in to help.
In a near-future, a neuroscientist has discovered a portion of the brain, the VMN, that is typically twice the size in men as it is in women. In certain men, however , it is the same size as a woman's, and that abnormality is an exceptionally accurate indicator of violent sociopathy. In the novel's setting, the national government was elected partly on a platform of "retributive justice", rather than rehabilitative, and punitive coma has replaced the death penalty as punishment for extreme crimes.
Cándido Rincón and América are two Mexicans who enter the United States illegally. They are homeless and camping at the bottom of the Topanga Canyon area of Los Angeles. Another couple, Delaney and Kyra each prefers not to call the police or an ambulance.
Love in a Cold Climate is a companion volume to The Pursuit of Love. The focus is on a different set of characters. Fanny remains the fictional narrator. Lady Leopoldina Polly Hampton is the only child of the supremely aristocratic and very rich Earl of Montdore fictional title.
Howard Roark is expelled from the fictional Stanton Institute of Technology for refusing to adhere to the school's conventionalism in architecture. He goes to New York City to work for Henry Cameron, a disgraced architect whom Roark admires. Peter Keating, a popular but vacuous fellow student, has graduated with high honors.
The story opens weeks after the events of Interesting Times. Rincewind is magically transported to the continent of Xxxx due to a miscalculation made by the Unseen University wizards. The wizards become trapped when Mrs. Whitlow, the head maid, closes the window that leads back into the Professor's study.
Laura Blundy is brought up by her loving and caring father, a merchant and shopowner who also pays for her schooling. One day, on her way to her ailing aunt, she is given a lift by a young man in a carriage who rapes her and then throws her out of the carriage again. She becomes pregnant, and when both her father and her aunt die she is left penniless.
Eleanor "Ellie" Arroway is the director of "Project Argus" The project discovers the first confirmed communication from extraterrestrial beings. The communication is a repeating series of the first 261 prime numbers. The extraterrestrials suggest that this is a signature incorporated into the Universe itself.
Central premise of the novel is that gods and mythological creatures exist because people believe in them. Immigrants to the United States brought with them dwarves, elves, leprechauns, and other spirits and gods. The story features a succubus-like re-invention of the Queen of Sheba, who while posing as a prostitute literally swallows a man through her sexual organs.
The Faerie Market is held every nine years on the other side of the wall dividing Faerie from our world. Dunstan Thorn rents out his cottage to a stranger in exchange for his "Heart's Desire" The next day in the Dunstan meets Una in the woods and makes love to her. A month later, Dunstan marries Daisy. In February, he receives a baby in a basket-his and Una's son Tristran Thorn.
In her book, Chua discusses different reasons for the market dominance of different groups. Some groups achieve market dominance because of colonial oppression or apartheid. She believes that democratization can increase ethnic conflicts when an ethnic minority is disproportionately wealthy. Chua states that she is a "big fan of trying to promote markets and democracy globally"
Arthur's youth, not dealt with in Malory, was a time when he was tutored by Merlyn to prepare him for the use of power and royal life. Merlyn magically turns Wart into various animals at times. He also has more human adventures, at one point meeting the outlaw Robin Hood. The setting is loosely based on medieval England, and in places it incorporates White's considerable knowledge of medieval culture.
Jane, the evolved computer intelligence, is using her newly discovered abilities to take the races of buggers, humans and pequeninos outside the universe and back in instantaneously. Peter Wiggin and Si Wang-Mu travel to the worlds of Divine Wind and Pacifica to convince the Japanese-led swing group of the Starways Congress to revoke their order to destroy Lusitania.
Cotton Mather is the narrator and preacher of the Second Church of Boston. He discusses the devil's plan to overturn the plantation and churches with the help of his recruits, which Mather believes are witches. After explaining how the witch trials came about, Mather briefly prefaces the trials with a disclaimer.
The play begins with the funeral of Henry V, who has died unexpectedly in his prime. The Bastard of Orléans approaches Charles and tells him of a young woman who claims to have seen visions and knows how to defeat the English. Charles summons the woman, Joan la Pucelle, and challenges her to single combat.
The play begins where 2 Henry VI left off, with the victorious Yorkists pursuing Henry and Margaret from the battlefield. Warwick heads to France to secure for Edward the hand of Louis XI's sister-in-law, Lady Bona. In France, Warwick arrives at court to find that Margaret, Prince Edward and the Earl of Oxford have come to Louis.
The plot of The Silver Chalice centers on the Grail-the cup from which Christ drank at the Last Supper. Joseph of Arimathea hires Basil of Antioch, a lowborn artisan, to fashion a beautiful silver casing to hold the plain original cup that Jesus used. The casing is to be decorated with the faces of Jesus and the twelve apostles.
The book chronicles the fictitious travels and pedagogy of Zarathustra. The name of this character is taken from the ancient prophet usually known in English as Zoroaster. The book embodies a number of innovative poetical and rhetorical methods of expression. Many of the book's ideas are also present in his other works.
Billy Pilgrim is a disoriented, fatalistic, and ill-trained American soldier. He is captured by the Germans during the Battle of the Bulge. Billy has become "unstuck in time" and experiences past and future events out of sequence and repetitively, following a nonlinear narrative.
The majority of the novel takes place over two days in December 1949. Holden Caulfield, the book's narrator and protagonist, addresses the reader directly from a hospital in Southern California. Holden is distressed because he is scared that Stradlater might have taken advantage of Jane.
Asa Trenchard is one of the sons Mrs. Mountchessington is staying with. He is attracted to her cousin, Mary Meredith, who is very poor. Asa uses his country wile to persuade Dundreary to help Harry get a ship. Even the servants get married.
Franciscan friar William of Baskerville and his novice Adso of Melk travel to a Benedictine monastery in Northern Italy. As they arrive, the monastery is disturbed by a suicide. Several other monks die under mysterious circumstances. William is tasked by the Abbot of the monastery to investigate the deaths.
The novel takes place over a few days in late August. It tells the story of 12-year-old tomboy Frankie Addams. Frankie's mother died when she was born, and her father is a distant, uncomprehending figure. Her closest companions are the family's African American maid, Berenice Sadie Brown.
The story recounts the encounter between a servant and an old woman in Kyoto. The man, a lowly servant recently fired, is contemplating whether to starve to death or to become a thief to survive in the barren times. The book itself also plays a part in the 1999 movie Ghost Dog: The Way of the Samurai directed by Jim Jarmusch.
Robert Merrick is resuscitated by a rescue crew after a boating accident. The crew is unable to save the life of Dr. Phillips, a doctor renowned for his ability to help people. Merrick then decides to devote his life to making up for the doctor's, and becomes a physician himself.
The novel alternates between episodes featuring Benny, Stencil and other members of the Whole Sick Crew in 1956. Each of these "Stencilised" chapters is set at a different moment of historical crisis. This chapter is a reworking of Pynchon's short story "Under the Rose" The title is a hint as to how this chapter is to be understood.
John Blackthorne is the first English pilot to reach Japan. He and his crew are taken captive by a local samurai. He is given the title Anjin, the Japanese term for navigator or pilot by the Japanese because they can't pronounce his name. During his stay at Toranaga's castle he slowly builds his Japanese-language skills.
Goodnight Moon is classic children's literature in North America. The text is a rhyming poem, describing a bunny's bedtime ritual of saying "goodnight" to various objects in the bunny's bedroom. Although the entire story takes place in a single room, the careful reader or child will notice numerous details from page to page.
Eugene Onegin is a bored St. Petersburg dandy whose life consists of balls, concerts, parties and nothing more. When he moves to the country, he strikes up a friendship with his neighbor, a starry-eyed young poet named Vladimir Lensky. Onegin decides to avenge himself by dancing and flirting with Olga Larina, the sociable but rather thoughtless sister of Lensky's fiancée. At this meeting he also catches a glimpse of Olga's sister Tatyana, a quiet, precocious romantic and the exact opposite of her sister.
Dennett: We may not have behavioral choice, but we do have control of our behavior. According to Dennett, belief in free will is a necessary condition for having free will. Dennett: Evolution has designed us to feel strongly that all of our effort of planning pays off, that we can achieve our goals.
George Beard and Harold Hutchins made a comic featuring a superhero they made-up, The Amazing Captain Underpants. The comic in the book starts with bad guys taking over the world, while the superheroes are too old to fight them. The boys try to figure out how to return Mr. Krupp to his normal self, but they've lost the instruction manual for the 3-D Hypno-Ring.
The Rowan tells the life story of a young orphan, of Prime Talent, from the moment the child's community is wiped out in a mudslide. The central section of the book is based on McCaffrey's earlier short Siglen was a ward of the planet under the care of Lusena, a child therapist.
Lysistrata is an extraordinary woman with a large sense of individual responsibility. She has convened a meeting of women from various city states in Greece. The women abjure all their sexual pleasures, including The Lioness on The Old women of Athens seize control of the Acropolis.
Hait is the mountain range "Hait", and New York City becomes the ruins of "Niourk" The "black child" goes to Niourk where he wanders through the ruins. He finds a pair of shipwrecked humans from a space-bound branch of mankind. Their technological civilization has suppressed sexual reproduction and sexual organs.
This is a classic communist utopia set in a distant future. Throughout the novel, the author's attention is focused on the social and cultural aspects of the society. Several civilizations of our Galaxy, including Earth, are united in the Great Circle whose members exchange and relay scientific and cultural information.
The book is set in 1999 and consists of the diary entries and reports of William Weston, a mainstream media reporter. Weston is the first proper American to investigate Ecotopia, a newly formed country that broke from the USA in 1980. The book is presented as a combination of narrative from Weston's diary and dispatches that he transmits to his publication, the mythical Times-Post.
Rhoda is the only child of Kenneth and Christine Penmark. Kenneth Penmark goes away on business, leaving Christine and Rhoda at home. Christine begins to notice that Rhoda is acting strangely after one of her classmates mysteriously drowns. Eventually makes a horrible discovery: Rhoda killed the boy, and will almost certainly kill again.
The novel is set in 2099, one hundred years after the events depicted in the book. The bulk of the book quotes a recently discovered diary of a man named Earl Turner, an active member of the white Aryan revolutionary movement that caused these events. The book details a violent overthrow of the United States federal government.
Arthur Dent is stranded on pre-historic Earth after the events in The Restaurant at the End of the Universe. Ford Prefect drags him into a space-time eddy, represented by an anachronistic sofa. In the end Arthur goes to live on the planet Krikkit where he becomes a more skillful flier.
Beelzebub is a derogatory Hebrew renaming of the pre-Judaic Canaanite god Baal, meaning literally "Lord House-fly" Sigmund Freud theorized Judaism and Christianity as expressing a relationship between father and son. Mullah Nassreddin is an impartial teacher who had a wise saying for every Gornahoor Harharkh is a scientist on the planet Saturn who specializes in elucidating the particularities of Okidanokh. Belcultassi
Tom Sawyer is an imaginative and mischievous boy. He falls in love with Becky Thatcher, a new girl in town. Their romance collapses when she learns that Tom has been 'engaged' Tom and Huck witness the murder of young Dr. Robinson by the Native-American "half-breed" Injun Joe. Tom persuades Joe and Huck to do the same.
A vain Emperor hires two swindlers who promise him the finest, best suit of clothes from a fabric invisible to anyone who is unfit for his position or "hopelessly stupid" The Emperor cannot see the clothing himself, but pretends that he can for fear of appearing unfit. When the suit is finished, they mime dressing him and the Emperor marches in procession before his subjects.
Borges's narrator describes how his universe consists of an enormous expanse of interlocking hexagonal rooms, each of which contains the bare necessities for human survival. Though the order and content of the books is random and apparently completely meaningless, the inhabitants believe that the books contain every possible ordering of just a few basic characters. The narrator notes that the library must contain all useful information, including predictions of the future and biographies of any person.
A retired tailor is transported tens of thousands of years into the future. He finds himself in a place he does not recognize, and is unable to communicate with anyone. He is taken in by a couple who offer him an experimental procedure to increase his mental abilities. He also slowly realizes that the procedure has given him strong telepathic abilities, including the ability to project his thoughts to the point of killing or injuring someone.
Dred is the story of Nina Gordon, an impetuous young heiress to a large southern plantation. Nina is a flighty young girl, and maintains several suitors, before finally settling down with a man named Clayton. Dred, the titular character, is one of the Great Dismal Swamp maroons.
The novel, set in fictional Raintree County, Indiana, is essentially in two parts; before the Civil War and after. The book is often surreal, with dream sequences, flashbacks and departures from the linear narrative. It has been described as an effort to mythologize the history of America.
Catharine Holly, a poor relation of a prominent New Orleans family, seems to be insane after her cousin Sebastian dies under mysterious circumstances on a trip to Europe. Sebastian's mother, Violet Venable, trying to cloud the truth about her son's homosexuality and death, threatens to lobotomize Catharine. Under the influence of a truth serum, Catharine tells the gruesome story of Sebastian's death by cannibalism at the hands of locals whose sexual favors he sought.
The novel is divided into three volumes. Part One: A mysterious widow, Mrs. Helen Graham arrives at Wildfell Hall, a nearby old mansion. Part Two: The handsome, witty Huntingdon is also spoilt, selfish, and self-indulgent. Part Three: Helen bids Gilbert to leave her because she is not free to marry.
A Canticle for Leibowitz opens 600 years after a global nuclear war. The story is structured in three parts titled: "Fiat Homo", "fiat Lux", and " fiat Voluntas Tua" The parts are separated by periods of six centuries each.
The play is about the last few days in the career of Andrew Crocker-Harris, an aging classics teacher at a British public school. The man's academic life is fading away following illness and he feels that he has become obsolete. The 'Browning Version' of the title references the translation of the Greek tragedy given by Taplow, Agamemnon.
Bean is a homeless child living in the hellish streets of Rotterdam in roughly 2170 after escaping as an infant from an illegal genetic engineering laboratory. He joins a huge gang of children led by a girl named Poke and sets up a system in which they can all receive nourishment at a local soup kitchen. Despite Bean's intelligence, it is Ender who has been chosen to save humanity from the Buggers.
Hercule Poirot meets Mr. Shaitana at an exhibition of snuff boxes. He arranges a dinner party to show off his collection of individuals who have got away with murder. He makes allusions to crimes being committed, yet their culprits getting away scot-free.
First-person narrative is told from the point of view of Alexei Ivanovich, a tutor working for a Russian family. Alexei is hopelessly in love with Polina and swears an oath of servitude to her. He told her while on a walk on the Schlangenberg that he would gladly walk off the edge and plummet to his death.
Reverend John Hale is summoned from Beverly to look upon Betty and research the incident. Betty and Abigail sing out a list of people whom they claim to have seen with the Devil. Reverend Hale visits the Proctor house and tells Elizabeth and Proctor that the former has been named in court. Proctor is arrested for witchcraft and is chained to a jail wall.
Esther Greenwood, a young woman from the suburbs of Boston, gains a summer internship at a prominent magazine in New York City. Esther describes in detail several seriocomic incidents that occur during her internship. Esther decides to spend the summer potentially writing a novel. She becomes increasingly depressed, and finds herself unable to sleep.
The novel tells the story of Jude Fawley, a village stonemason in the southern English region of Wessex. Jude yearns to be a scholar at "Christminster", a city modeled on Oxford. He meets and falls in love with his free-spirited cousin, Sue Bridehead. Sue eventually leaves Phillotson for Jude.
Democracy in America is an analysis of why republican representative democracy has succeeded in the United States while failing in so many other places. Tocqueville speculates on the future of democracy in the U.S., discussing possible threats to democracy and possible dangers of democracy. He believes that democracy has a tendency to degenerate into "soft despotism"
The book focuses on a twelve-year-old boy named Jonas residing in an immaculately-organized, tightly-run, but strict utopian society. Jonas is selected for the role as the Receiver of Memory, the keeper of all ancient memories in the Community before the start of the strict system through which the world is now run. Under the guidance of the older Receiver-of-Memory, the Giver, Jonas is transferred memories that had taken place years prior to the events of the story.
Dr Alistair Crown's wife Virginia gives birth to the couple's first child. Crown, who is not present during birth, is informed immediately afterwards that their daughter Doris has Down's syndrome. For the next five years, he avoids Doris's face: He never looks at her and he refuses to be shown photos of her. He kidnaps her from the playground of her nursery school and strangles her.
The plot alternates between characters on two planets: Path and Lusitania. The godspoken of Path are victims of a cruel government project. A group of warmongering Pequenino wish to wipe out all Earthborn life via starship, carrying the deadly Descolada within them. Starways Congress wants its fleet back.
Ipslore the Red is a wizard who is about to die. Death comes to usher Ipslore's soul into the next world. Throughout the scene he is holding his infant son, whom Ipslore names Coin. Coin traps the Gods in an alternate reality, which shrinks to become a large pearl.
Senator Berzelius "Buzz" Windrip is a charismatic and power-hungry politician. He is elected President of the United States on a populist platform. In time, Windrip's hold on power weakens as the economic prosperity he promised does not materialize. The novel ends after the beginning of the conflict.
Sybylla Melvyn is an imaginative, headstrong girl growing up in rural Australia in the 1890s. Drought and a series of poor business decisions reduce her family to subsistence level. She is sent to live on her grandmother's property, where life is more comfortable. There she meets wealthy young Harry Beecham, who loves her and proposes marriage.
The play is nominally set circa 1400, during the same period as the Henry IV plays featuring Falstaff. Three different men are trying to win the hand of Page's daughter, Mistress Anne Page. The jealous Ford persuades the Host of the Garter to introduce him to Falstaff as a 'Master Brook'
The book is written as a series of letters from Frances "Fanny" Hill to an unknown woman, with Fanny justifying her life-choices to this individual. Fanny hopes to find work as a maid, and is hired by a woman she believes to be a wealthy lady. Mrs. Brown is in fact a madam and intends Fanny to work for her as a prostitute.
The Restaurant at the End of the Universe begins just as The Hitchhiker's Guide to the Galaxy ended. Arthur Dent, Ford Prefect, Trillian, and Zaphod Beeblebrox are attacked by a Vogon ship. They are transported there "five hundred and seventy-six thousand million years" into the future.
The story focuses on the Explorer, who is encountering the brutal machine for the first time. The Officer is nostalgic regarding the torture machine and the values that were initially associated with it. Eventually it becomes clear that the use of the machine, and its associated process of justice, has fallen out of favor with the current Commandant.
The Rebel Angels follows several faculty and staff of the fictional College of St. John and Holy Ghost. It did not quite attain the popularity of the Deptford Trilogy, but it is generally considered to be among his best books. The story, like many of Davies', is notable for very strongly drawn and memorable characters.
All the Bulerite on Earth becomes unstable, causing destruction and megadeath. The devastation precipitates a war with Earth's colonies on the outer planets. Many refugees manage to escape to the Moon, Mars, and Asterome. Asterome has grown by adding concentric layers of shells around itself, and is now host to millions of humans and Humanity II cybernetic organisms.
The story tells the Ancient Greek myth of Cupid and Psyche, from the perspective of Orual, Psyche's older sister. It begins as the complaint of an old woman who is bitter at the injustice of the gods. Although disfigured herself, and covering her facial deformity with a mask throughout the book, ORual loves her beautiful half-sister Psyche. When Psyche is sent as a human sacrifice, at the command of Ungit , to her son, the unseen "God of the Mountain" , OruAl feels wounded and betrayed.
Adelheid is a girl who has been raised by her aunt Dete in Maienfeld, Switzerland after the early deaths of her parents, Tobias and Adelheid. Dete returns three years later to bring Heidi to Frankfurt as a companion of a 12-year-old girl named Clara Sesemann, who is regarded as an invalid. Heidi and Clara continue to contact each other.
Mark Studdock has just risen to the position of Senior Fellow in sociology at Bracton College in the University of Edgestow. His wife, Jane, has been having peculiar nightmares that trouble her, one in particular involving a severed head. Mark is given the task of writing propaganda to support NICE's plan for the demolition of a scenic village called Cure Hardy.
Major Henry Scobie is a long-serving policeman in a British colony on the West Coast of Africa during World War II. His wife Louise, an unhappy, solitary woman who loves literature and poetry, cannot make friends. A new inspector, named Wilson, arrives in the town. He is priggish and socially inept.
Two hundred colonists arrive on Avalon to found a new community, having made the 100-year journey from Earth in suspended animation on the starship Geographic. The colonists build a town on the island of Camelot and begin growing crops and stocking the nearby waters with terrestrial species of fish. Ten people are killed just to drive the grendel away. This proves to all the colonists that there is a deadly and efficient predator.
Horselover Fat believes his visions expose hidden facts about the reality of life on Earth. One of their theories is that there is some kind of alien space probe in orbit around Earth, and that it is aiding them in their quest. It also aided the United States in disclosing the Watergate scandal and the resignation of Richard Nixon in 1974.
The novel might be easily dismissed as standard pulp fare if it had not presaged concepts popularized decades later. The sexual revolution, green consumerism, strong AI, full-immersion virtual reality as a surgical procedure, desktop molecular manufacturing, global warming, and stem cell therapies. Many of these have only appeared in most peoples' worldview in the 21st century.
Genesis Quest is set in the Milky Way Galaxy. A race of aliens assemble humans from a stream of genetic information transmitted by radio. The resulting colony of humans spend some time integrated into the Nar society before growing randy, discovering the secret of human longevity, and embarking on the seemingly impossible millennia-long mission.
Summer and Smoke is set in Glorious Hill, Mississippi, from the "turn of the century through 1916" It centers on a high-strung, unmarried minister's daughter, Alma Winemiller, and the spiritual/sexual romance that nearly blossoms between her and the wild, undisciplined young doctor who grew up next door.
Critique of Dialectical Reason is the product of a later stage in Sartre's thinking, during which he no longer identified Marxism with the Soviet Union or French Communism. It puts forward a revision of Existentialism, and an interpretation of Marxism as a contemporary philosophy par excellence.
Shelley made a number of claims in Necessity, including that one's beliefs are involuntary. Towards the end of the pamphlet he writes: "the mind cannot believe in the existence of a God" Shelley signed the pamphlet, Thro' deficiency of proof, AN ATHEIST. A revised and expanded version was printed in 1813.
A boy receives a Velveteen Rabbit for Christmas. The Rabbit is snubbed by other more expensive or mechanical toys, the latter of which fancy themselves real. One day while talking with the Skin Horse, the Rabbit learns that a toy becomes real if its owner really and truly loves it.
Jack Ryan is sworn in as president of the United States minutes after becoming Vice President. With virtually nearly every executive, legislative, and judicial figure deceased, Ryan is left to represent the U.S. by himself. Ryan deals with various hardships and crises, from reconstituting the House and the Senate to a brewing war in the Middle East.
All three scenes are set in the sitting room of Guy's London apartment. The group, most of them in their thirties, meet at irregular intervals, often at Guy's place. The most popular of the gay circle is Reg, who is conspicuously absent from the party. Reg seems to be sleeping with every man he can get hold of.
The novel predates the Just William books and Molesworth stories, but begins in a similar fashion to these books. The book repeatedly makes dark suggestions as to the boys' future after school. There is an underlying homosexual flavour to the novel, with vivid descriptions of boys as magnificent creatures.
Herminia Barton, the Cambridge-educated daughter of a clergyman, moves to London and starts living alone. When she meets and falls in love with Alan Merrick, a lawyer, she suggests they live together without getting married. Merrick dies of typhoid before their daughter Dolores is born. Herminia returns to England and raises her daughter as a single mother.
In the mid 1920s in Chicago, Illinois, Velma Kelly is a vaudevillian who murdered both her husband and her sister when she found them in bed together. We hear of chorus girl Roxie Hart's murder of her lover, nightclub regular Fred Casely.
The events of Au Bonheur des Dames cover approximately 1864-1869. The novel tells the story of Denise Baudu, a 20-year-old woman from Valognes who comes to Paris with her brothers and begins working at the department store. Zola describes the inner workings of the store from the employees' perspective.
The story is told entirely in flashbacks narrated mostly by Quentin Compson to his roommate at Harvard University Thomas Sutpen arrives in Jefferson, Mississippi, with some slaves and a French architect who has been somehow forced into working for him. Sutpen obtains one hundred square miles of land from a local Native American tribe and immediately begins building a house. Henry Sutpen and Rosa Coldfield are half-brother and sister. They join the Confederate Army and fight in the Civil War.
Charles Ryder, a student at Hertford College, Oxford, is befriended by Lord Sebastian Flyte, the younger son of the aristocratic Lord Marchmain. Sebastian's family are Roman Catholics, which influences the Marchmains' lives as well as the Sebastian, a troubled young man who descends into alcoholism. The plot concludes in the early spring of 1943.
The novel is about a lonely young man, Frederick Clegg, who works as a clerk in a city hall. Clegg is obsessed with Miranda Grey, a middle-class art student at the Slade School of Fine Art. He kidnaps Miranda by drugging her with chloroform and locks her up in the cellar. The second part of the novel is narrated by Miranda in the form of fragments from a diary.
 Jarvis Stringer is a student of the London Tube and its history and of underground trains worldwide. He lets rooms in an old disused school building he has inherited which is close to the tube tracks in West Hampstead. There, a group of misfits and weirdos, including a squatter, gather whose dreams of the good life have been shattered.
The story begins with the arrival not of a detective, but of disaster. Badfort is for sale, but when Uncle decides to buy it, demolish it, and build a pleasantly appointed park on the site, he is forestalled. En route he discovers the mysterious Crack House, which is the lair of a vicious and horribly squawking creature called Batty.
In this story, Goodman the Cat joins Uncle's supporters. He is rescued from down-trodden and hungry service at Wizard Blenkinsop's. He throws himself wholeheartedly into battle against Uncle's enemies. His fish-stealing gets him into trouble at Professor Gandleweaver's Fish-Frying Academy.
The main events of the book are placed in a frame story. Jinn and Phyllis, a couple out on a pleasure cruise in a spaceship, find a message in a bottle floating in space. The message inside the bottle is the Travelers arrive at a distant planetary system and find that it contains an Earth-like planet.
The Small House at Allington is a novel by Trollope. It concerns the Dale family, who live in a dower house intended for the widowed mother of the owner of the estate. As with all of Trollope's novels, this one contains many sub-plots and numerous minor characters.
The hero of Framley Parsonage, Mark Robarts, is a young vicar. The book ends with Lucy and Ludovic's marriage as well as three other marriages of minor characters. Two of these involve the daughters of Bishop Proudie and Archdeacon Grantly. Other marriage is that of the outspoken heiress, Martha Dunstable, to Doctor Thorne.
A 15-year-old begins keeping a diary. She records her thoughts and concerns about issues such as crushes, weight loss and sexuality. The diarist unwittingly ingests LSD and has an intense and pleasurable drug trip. She loses her virginity while on LSD, and her grandfather has a small heart attack.
In 1625 d'Artagnan, a poor young nobleman, leaves his family in Gascony and travels to Paris, with the intention of joining the Musketeer of the Guard. He falls in love at first sight with his landlord's pretty young wife, Constance Bonacieux. She works for the Queen Consort of France, Anne of Austria, who is secretly conducting an affair with The Queen has just received a gift from her husband Louis XIII and trying
A year passes uneventfully. A servant girl witnesses Hyde beat a man to death with a heavy cane. Police contact Utterson, who suspects Hyde of the murder. When they arrive at the apartment, the murderer has vanished. Jekyll shows Utterson a note, allegedly written by Hyde, apologizing for the trouble he has caused.
In Moulmein, the narrator-Orwell, writing in the first person-is a police officer during a period of intense anti-European sentiment. Although his intellectual sympathies lie with the Burmese, his official role makes him a symbol of the oppressive imperial power. As such, he is subjected to constant baiting and jeering by the local people.
Each of the lives is very different from the others, although there are common threads - for example the recurrent appearance of William Ewart Gladstone and Arthur Hugh Clough. Each story is set against a specific background. In Cardinal Manning's story, the background is the creation of the Oxford Movement and the defection of an influential group of Church of England clergy to the Catholic Church.
Six girls, Sandy, Rose, Mary, Jenny, Monica, and Eunice are assigned Miss Jean Brodie as their teacher. Brodie gives her students lessons about her personal life. Two teachers form a love triangle with Miss Brodie, each loving her, while she loves only Mr Lloyd.
Poirot's focus is upon a wasp that has been seen in the compartment. Norman Gale, a dentist who has no apparent motive for committing the murder, had an empty matchbox and a lighter. The only other suspect who proves of material significance is the Countess of Horbury.
The novel is set in England during World War I at Styles Court, an Essex country manor. Upon her husband's death, the wealthy widow, Emily Cavendish, inherited a life estate in Styles as well as the outright inheritance of the larger part of the late Mr. Cavendish's income. The residents of Styles wake to find Emily Inglethorp dying of what proves to be strychnine poisoning.
Morgan Rowlands is a high school student living in the picturesque town of Widow's Vale. Morgan discovers that she is a blood witch; a person who is naturally born with magical powers. Morgan begins to study with Hunter, and slowly begins to realize her feelings for him. This book is written from both Hunter and Morgan's points of view.
The book begins with Poliphilo, who has spent a restless night because his beloved, Polia , shunned him. He then awakens in a second dream, dreamed within the first. In the dream, he is taken by some nymphs to meet their queen, and there he is asked to declare his love for Polia.
The novel is about an interstellar space ship called Invincible. Invincible lands on the planet Regis III to investigate the loss of its sister ship, Condor. During the investigation, the crew finds evidence of a form of quasi-life, born through evolution of autonomous, self-replicating machines.
Clarissa Dalloway goes around London in the morning, getting ready to host a party that evening. The nice day reminds her of her youth spent in the countryside in Bourton and makes her wonder about her choice of husband. Septimus Warren Smith, a veteran of World War I suffering from deferred traumatic stress, spends his day in the park with his wife Lucrezia.
Menger stressed uncertainty in the making of economic decisions, rather than relying on "homo economicus" This was a deviation from classical and neoclassical economic thought. Menger asserted that such perfect knowledge never exists, and that therefore all economic activity implies risk. The entrepreneurs' role was to collect and evaluate information and to act on those risks.
Baw Szpilman studied the piano in the early 1930s in Warsaw and Berlin. Jewish families were only permitted to own two thousand zBoty each. Expensive luxury goods as well as food and drink came into the ghetto. He acted as a link between the Jewish resistance in the ghetto and similar organisations outside.
New Zealander Gwenda Reed buys an old house in the small seaside resort of Dillmouth, in Devon. Her young stepmother, Helen, disappeared, having presumably run off with a man. Gwenda flees a performance of The Duchess of Malfi when she hears the famous line, "Cover her face; mine eyes dazzle"
Battle Royale takes place in 1997 in an alternate timeline-Japan is a member region of a totalitarian state. Fifty third-year junior high school classes are selected annually to participate in the Program for research purposes. The students from a single class are isolated and are required to fight the other members of their class to the death. The Program ends when only one student remains, with that student being declared the winner and receiving a government funded pension.
Three generations of the Leonides family live together under wealthy patriarch Aristide. Second wife indolent Brenda, decades his junior, exchanges love letters with grandchildren's tutor. After Aristide is poisoned by his own eye medicine , his granddaughter Sophia tells narrator and fiancé Charles Hayward that they cannot marry until the killer is apprehended. Charles' father "The Old Man" is the Assistant Commissioner of Scotland Yard.
Joseph Andrews is the brother of Richardson's Pamela and is of the same rustic parentage. After the death of Sir Thomas, Joseph finds that his Lady's affections have redoubled. Lady Booby finds that Fanny is a poor illiterate girl of "extraordinary beauty' now living with a farmer.
Kelso is in his thirties, several times divorced, a heavy drinker and a "sex beast" Kelso wants to track down and have sex again with all the girls he "shagged" when he was in his teens. Although he says he wants to record all events exactly as they happened, he does embellish his story again and again.
The story begins in 1881, where Dr. John Watson runs into an old friend. Stamford mentions that an acquaintance of his, one Sherlock Holmes, is looking for someone to split the rent at a flat at 221B. Holmes reads the telegram requesting consultation in a fresh murder case. The story flashes back to the Utah Territory in 1847.
Finn is the only son of a successful Irish doctor, Dr Malachi Finn of Killaloe, County Clare. Finn is supported solely by a modest allowance from his father, but a stroke of luck clears his path. One of his father's patients is Lord Tulla, a nobleman who controls a little borough that can be contested cheaply.
The book has little in the way of plot and is more a series of episodes in the lives of Mary Smith and her friends. The fictional town of Cranford is closely modelled on Knutsford in Cheshire, which Mrs Gaskell knew well. The "major" event in the story is the return to Cranford of their long-lost brother, Peter.
The novel opens with young Molly Gibson, who has been raised by her widowed father, Mr. Gibson. Seven years later, Molly is now an attractive and rather unworldly young woman. She arouses the interest of one of her father's apprentices. Molly, however, has always preferred Roger's good sense and honourable character.
Henry Pulling meets his septuagenarian Aunt Augusta for the first time in over fifty years at his mother's funeral. Henry finds himself drawn into Aunt Augusta's world of travel, adventure, romance and absence of bigotry. As the journey unfolds, so do the stories of Aunt Augusta, painting the picture of a woman for whom love has been the defining feature of her life.
Ann Veronica is a biology student at Tredgold Women's College. Her father forbids her to attend a fancy dress ball in London. She leaves her home in the fictional south London suburb of Morningside Park. She meets and falls in love with Capes, the laboratory's "demonstrator"
Young American Cedric Errol lives with his mother in genteel poverty after his father, Captain Errol , dies. They receive a visit from an English lawyer with a message from young Cedric's grandfather, the Earl of Dorincourt. With the deaths of his father's elder brothers, Cedric is now Lord Fauntleroy and heir to the Earldom and a vast estate.
Charlemagne's army is fighting the Muslims in Spain. The last city standing is Saragossa, held by the Muslim king Marsilla. The bold warrior Roland nominates his stepfather Ganelon to lead the rear guard. Pagans ambush them at Roncesvalles, according to plan.
Humphry Clinker is an ostler, a stableman at an inn, who does not make his first appearance until about a quarter of the way through the story. He is taken on by Matthew Bramble and his family while they are travelling through England. Various adventures befall them, especially after their meeting with Lieutenant Lismahago.
Set against the backdrop of French colonial Vietnam, The Lover reveals the intimacies and intricacies of a clandestine romance between a pubescent girl from a financially strapped French family and an older, wealthy Chinese man. In 1929, a 15 year old nameless girl is traveling by ferry across the Mekong Delta, returning from a holiday at her family home in the town of Sa éc, to her boarding school in Saigon. She attracts the attention of a 37 year old son of a Chinese business magnate.
The book is set in the 17th century in the Badgworthy Water region of Exmoor in Devon and Somerset, England. John Ridd is the son of a respectable farmer who was murdered in cold blood by one of the Lorna is a member of the hated Doone clan.
The first section of the novel is narrated by Benjamin "Benjy" In the opening scene, Benjy gives the novel's best example of Faulkner's narrative technique. The general outline of the story is the decline of the Compson family, a once noble Southern family descended from U.S. Civil War hero General Compson.
Phineas Finn is a Member of Parliament for the Whigs. He is accused of the murder of Mr Bonteen, a fellow Whig. Finn is brought to trial but is found not guilty. He retires and marries a wealthy widow, Madame Max Goesler.
The plot concerns the children of the Duke of Omnium, Plantagenet Palliser, and his late wife, Lady Glencora. The Duke is left to deal with his grownup children, with whom he has a somewhat distant relationship. By the end of the book, the Duke grows closer to all three of his children and is invited once more to take a part in the government.
Gwendolen Harleth is a haughty, selfish, yet affectionate daughter. Daniel Deronda is an intelligent, light-hearted and compassionate young man. Gwendolen is consumed with guilt for disinheriting Lydia Glasher's children by marrying their father.
Carl Corey awakes in a medical clinic, with little to no knowledge of who he is or how he got there. In Flora's library he locates a set of customised Tarot cards- the Trumps-whose Major Arcana are replaced with images which he recognises as his family. As he looks over the cards he remembers all his  Random arrives, pursued by mysterious spined, bloodshot-eyed humanoid creatures. The combined efforts of Corwin, Random,
Corwin sets out through the endless worlds of shadow in search of Avalon, his one-time home. As Corwin nears Avalon, he passes through a land called Lorraine. In Avalon, Corwin arranges to purchase large amounts of jeweler's rouge. He harvests diamonds from an African coast that has never seen human habitation.
Corwin returns to Castle Amber bearing the body of one of the bloodshot-eyed humanoid creatures that had pursued Random to Flora's house on Earth. Fearing that he has been framed for Caine's murder, Random finds Corwin on Earth, who had been missing for so long. Corwin gives Random the Jewel of Judgement, a powerful artifact given to Corwin by Eric as he lay dying.
The author describes himself as a "...lean, cadaverous figure... smoking his pipe, grinning around it." In his dialogue with Corwin, Roger states that he is presently "...writing a philosophical romance shot through with elements of horror" Corwin returns to Earth to find that the compost heap where he hid the Jewel of Judgment is gone. He tracks down the heap but the Jewel has been claimed by a red-headed artist.
Oberon wants Corwin to succeed him as King of Amber. Corwin refuses, and forces Brand to leave. He notices an unusually large storm following him. He tracks his horse to a cave, blocked off by a large boulder. Inside, Corwin awakes in a cave to see the wee folk preparing to slaughter him.
The Garden of Cyrus is one of the most idiosyncratic of all literary works. The physician-philosopher's 1658 Discourse was written with uncharacteristic haste. Cyrus may be considered an early example of stream of consciousness and even of altered consciousness writing. Not unlike Lewis Carroll's Alice in Wonderland, or the science fiction of H. G. Wells,'The Garden Of Cyrus' invites the reader to share with its author in a fantastic perspective upon life and reality.
The central theme of the novel is time travel using a highway that links all times and all possible histories. Exits from the highway lead to different times and places. Changing events in the past cause some exits further up the road, in the future, to become overgrown and inaccessible. New exits to appear, leading to different alternative futures.
Lord of Light is set on a planet colonized by some of the remnants of "vanished Urath," or Earth. The novel covers great spans of time. Sam introduces Buddhism as a culture jamming tool. Sam's bodiless essence was projected by the gods into the ionosphere after his capture in the battle of Keenset.
The story is about a little girl named Sophie, after the author's granddaughter Sophie Dahl. One night, when Sophie cannot fall asleep during the "witching hour", she sees a giant blowing something into the bedroom windows down the street. The giant notices her, reaches through the window, and carries her to his home in Giant Country. Once there he reveals that he is the world's only benevolent giant.
The novel is filled with metaphors for the stranglehold of substance abuse, as well as for the dangers of nuclear power and radioactive fallout. The book takes its title from an old children's rhyme. King claims to have heard the first verse when he was a child.
The novel has 100 chapters. These can be divided into four very unequal parts. The first is really a self-contained introduction to the main story. They introduce Xuanzang's disciples, who, inspired or goaded by Guanyin, meet and agree to serve him along the way.
Each character is introduced in a separate section containing 253 words. The sections give general details and describe the thoughts going through the characters&#39; heads. In the online version, hypertext links lead to other characters who are nearby or who have some connection to the current character. There is no overall chronological order except in the final section.
 Straight Dilemmas No. 1 - Narrated by Renton. Renton discusses the hypocrisy of Unionism, and the British in Northern Ireland. Spud finds solace after his failed attempt at making a pass at a woman. Sick Boy shoots a Bull Terrier, which then attacks its skinhead owner.
Lizzie Greystock is a fortune-hunter who ensnares the sickly, dissipated Sir Florian Eustace. The diamonds of the book's title are a necklace, a family heirloom. Lizzie refuses to relinquish the diamonds that belong to her husband.
The plot centres on Anna Tellwright, daughter of a wealthy but miserly and dictatorial father. Her activities are strictly controlled by the Methodist church. Anna is courted by the town's most eligible bachelor Henry Mynors, and agrees to be his wife. She discovers and the end, however, that she loves Willie Price, but does not follow her heart.
Third Earl of Havershot is 28, unmarried, and has a face like a gorilla. He is assigned a delicate task by his Aunt Clara. Reggie is going to be operated on by B.K. Burwash, Zizzbaum's rival. Joey is adopted by T.P. Brinkmeyer, a Hollywood film mogul.
Equality 7-2521 was born with a "curse": He is eager to think and question, and unwilling to give up himself for others. He excelled in math and science, and dreamed of becoming a Scholar. Equality flees into the Uncharted Forest which lies outside the City. Since it was illegal for men of the City to enter the Forest, he was not pursued once he crossed its threshold.
One thousand years after the One State's conquest of the entire world, the spaceship Integral is being built in order to invade and conquer extraterrestrial planets. Meanwhile, the project's chief engineer, D-503, begins a journal in which he meets a woman named I-330. She shamelessly flirts with him instead of applying for an impersonal sex visit.
The book is a comprehensive review of the subject aimed at the lay population and uses numerous case histories. Sacks describes the nature of and treatments for migraine in general and several various subtypes, particularly examining the visual aura feature that is common to many sufferers. The particular focus of the book is on the neuropsychological aspects of migraine.
The book starts off with John Kelly and two other UDT men performing a maritime demolition of an oil-rig irreparably damaged by Hurricane Camille. Kelly's pregnant wife Patricia is killed in a car accident caused by damaged brakes in Among the prisoners are some who possess highly-classified knowledge, beyond the scope of the Vietnam War. Kelly goes incognito as a wino to perform recon on drug pushers.
The story begins with a historical event - the 1672 lynching of the Dutch Grand Pensionary Johan de Witt and his brother Cornelis, by a wild mob of their own countrymen. The main plot line, involving fictional characters, takes place in the following eighteen months. Only gradually does the reader understand its connection with the killing of the de Witt brothers.
The book follows the lives of the Trentons, a middle-class family, and the Cambers, a blue-collar family. The book ends with both the Trenton and Cambers trying to go on with their lives - Donna is cured for Rabies and Cujo is cremated. Vic returns to Castle Rock after several failed attempts to contact her.
Mises insisted that the logical structure of human minds is the same for everybody. The reasoning mind evaluates and grades different options. Mises: Man acts because he is never fully satisfied, and will never stop because he can never be fully satisfied. Without markets there are no prices, and without prices there is no economic calculation.
Captain Augustus "Gus" McCrae and Captain Woodrow F. Call, two famous ex-Texas Rangers, run a livery. Call is driven by pride and honor, not love. He drags the body of the only human who ever understood him and loved him over 2000 miles.
Cousin Octavia of Faction Paradox has come to Peking during the Boxer Rebellion in search of an artifact she believes can bestow immortality. For Liu Hui Ying, the artifact is a symbol that will rally the Han. More than each other stands in the way of either obtaining the jade casket.
A scientist by the name of Dennis Nuel is working at, and attending, an institute of scientific research and pioneering work into the fictional scientific field of "Zievatronics" In this world, instead of objects wearing out as you use them, they improve. For example, swords get sharper with use, baskets get stronger the more things they carry, mirrors, furniture and decorations look more attractive the more they are looked at.
The novel describes one day in the life of Adam Appleby, who lives in constant fear that his wife might be pregnant again with a fourth child. Lodge's novel makes extensive use of pastiche, incorporating passages where both the motifs and styles of writing used by various authors are imitated.
The novel chronicles a term in the lives of Howard and Barbara Kirk. Howard is still a virgin when they meet in their third year at the University of Leeds. The trajectory of the Kirks' life together ends when Barbara attempts suicide during a party. A number of supporting characters round off the vivid picture of the permissive society of the 1970s.
An unnamed narrator listens to a male friend reading a manuscript written by a former governess whom the friend claims to have known and who is now dead. The manuscript tells the story of how the young governess is hired by a man who has become responsible for his young nephew and niece after the death of their parents. The boy, Miles, is attending a boarding school, while his younger sister, Flora, is living at a country estate in Essex.
The Woman of the title is Sarah Woodruff, also known unkindly as Tragedy. She lives in the coastal town of Lyme Regis, as a disgraced woman. She is supposedly abandoned by a French naval officer named Charles. The novel offers three different endings for The French Lieutenant's Woman.
All of the Battle School graduates, except Ender, return to Earth in approximately 2170 A.D. Ender's brother Peter, using his online pseudonym Locke, arranges for Ender to be returned. Peter comes to power under his own name so he can eventually be appointed Hegemon and work against Achilles.
Fantastic Beasts purports to be a reproduction of a textbook owned by Harry Potter. In the Harry Potter universe, the book is a required textbook for first-year Hogwarts students. The book features fictional doodles and comments in it by Harry, Ron and Hermione.
The book is an autobiographical account of five years in the childhood of naturalist Gerald Durrell. The book is divided into three sections, marking the three villas where the family lived on the island of Corfu. Apart from Gerald and Larry, the family comprised their widowed mother, the gun-mad Leslie, and diet-obsessed sister Margo together with Roger the dog.
Peter, Susan, Edmund, and Lucy Pevensie are magically whisked away to an old and ruined castle. They come to realize the ruin is Cair Paravel, where they once ruled as the Kings and Queens of N Narnia. The castle is now ruled by King Miraz and his wife Queen Prunaprismia.
Four siblings-Peter, Susan, Edmund, and Lucy Pevensie-are evacuated from London to escape the Blitz. They are sent to live with Professor Digory Kirke, who lives in a country house in the English countryside. Lucy's siblings do not believe her story about Narnia. Her older brother Edmund enters the wardrobe and meets the White Witch.
The book begins as an idealistic former congressional worker, Henry Burton, joins the presidential campaign of Southern governor Jack Stanton. Burton becomes increasingly disillusioned with Stanton, who is a policy wonk who talks too long and eats too much. Stanton is also revealed to be insincere in his beliefs, saying whatever will help him to win.
The book is set in the fictional village of King's Abbott in England. It is narrated by Dr. James Sheppard, who becomes Poirot's assistant. The story begins with the death of Mrs. Ferrars, a wealthy widow who is rumoured to have murdered her husband. Her death is initially believed to be an accident until she reveals that she admitted to killing her husband and then committed suicide. Shortly after this he is found murdered.
A travelling salesman named Alexander Bonaparte Cust has travelled to all of the murder locations on the day the crimes occurred. Cust had suffered a blow on the head during military service. As a result, he is prone to blackouts, headaches and epileptic attacks. Could this seemingly innocent stranger be the eponymous killer?
In Crossing the Chasm, Moore argues there is a chasm between the early adopters of the product and the early majority. Moore believes visionaries and pragmatists have very different expectations. He suggests techniques to successfully cross the "chasm," including choosing a target market, understanding the whole product concept and positioning the product.
Ijon Tichy is sent to the Eighth World Futurological Congress in Costa Rica. The conference is set to focus on the world's overpopulation crisis and ways of dealing with it. The year is 2098 with 69 billion inhabitants legally registered and approximately another 26 billion in hiding. The novel adopts the format of a journal that Ijon keeps to chronicle his experience in this new world.
Frank McCourt was the eldest son of Malachy and Angela McCourt. He was born in Brooklyn, New York, on 19 August 1930. Frank lived in New York with his parents and four younger siblings. The McCourt family lived in Limerick City, Ireland, during the 1930s and 1940s. They lived in a dilapidated, unpaved lane of houses.
Oscar Hopkins, the Cornish son of a Plymouth Brethren minister, becomes an Anglican priest. Lucinda Leplastrier, a young Australian heiress who buys a glass factory, bets Oscar that he cannot transport a glass church from Sydney to a remote settlement. This bet changes both their lives forever.
The Gun Club, a society based in Baltimore and dedicated to the design of weapons of all kinds, meets when Impey Barbicane, its president, calls them to support his idea. According to his calculations, a cannon can shoot a projectile so that it reaches the moon. The sequel, Around the Moon, deals with what happens to the three men in their travel from the Earth to the Moon.
The novel opens on October 3, 1951, when a boy named Cotter Martin sneaks in to watch the New York Giants play the Brooklyn Dodgers. In the ninth inning, Ralph Branca pitches to Bobby Thomson, who hits the ball into the stands for a three-run homer, beating the Dodgers 5-4 and capturing the National League pennant. Cotter's father, Manx, steals the ball and later sells it for thirty-two dollars and forty-five cents. Early in the novel it is revealed that Nick Shay was in a juvenile detention center for murdering a man.
The Difference Engine is a novel by William Gibson. It is set in an alternate 1991. The book is about a mysterious set of computer punch cards. The punch cards are to some extent a MacGuffin. At the end of the novel, human beings appear to have become digitized, ephemeral ciphers.
 Forever Amber tells the story of orphaned Amber St. Clare, who makes her way up through the ranks of 17th century English society. The novel includes portrayals of Restoration fashion, politics, and public disasters, such as the plague and the Great Fire of London.
The Council appoints Ethan their planetary ambassador and sends him offworld in search of a fresh batch of tissue cultures. This is considered to be a very daring assignment as it means contact with women, who Athosians are taught are demonic. Ethan learns that women in general are not the monsters he was taught they were.
The novel centres on the protagonist, Iris Chase, and her sister Laura. As an old woman, Iris recalls the events and relationships of her childhood, youth and middle age. The book includes a novel-within-a-novel, a roman à clef attributed to Laura but published by Iris.
The Continental Op is called to Personville by Donald Willsson, who is murdered before the Op has a chance to meet with him. The Op begins work on the murder and meets with Willsson's father, Elihu, a local industrialist who has found his control of the city threatened by several competing gangs. The story ends as the Op finds Reno Starkey, the only one of the four main gangsters still alive, bleeding from a gunshot wound. Reno reveals that it was he who stabbed Brand, and that when she fell she collided with the semi-conscious Op.
Vincent Dungarvan is a history teacher at a Catholic school for boys. He loses his virginity with Maureen, his sister-in-law, while his brother Matthew has gone out and the children are asleep. Vincent and Laura split up again as Laura is not certain about her husband&#39;s intentions.
Allegorically, Who Moved My Cheese? features four characters: two mice, "Sniff" and "Scurry," and two littlepeople, miniature humans in essence. They live in a maze, a representation of one's life. Sniff and Scurry arrive at Cheese Station C to find no cheese left. Hem and Haw arrive to find the same thing.
Odysseus travels to Sparta to save Helen, the wife of the king of Sparta Menelaus, whose abduction by Paris had led to the Trojan War. He abandons Helen and continues to Egypt where again a workers' uprising takes place. He travels further south in Africa while constantly spreading his religion and fighting the advances of death. Eventually he travels to Antarctica and lives with villagers for a year until an iceberg kills him.
Jane Wilkinson, an actress, is suspected of murdering her husband, the fourth Baron Edgware, so that she can marry the Duke of Merton. A mysterious gold case with the sleeping powder in it is found among her possessions. The case bears an inscription reading: "From D, Paris, November, 10th Sweet Dreams" Poirot is on the verge of solving the case, anyway.
Marina Gregg is a famous, temperamental, much loved movie star who has come to settle down in the village of St. Mary Mead. Heather Badcock, an ordinary albeit annoying woman, dies after drinking a cocktail at a party hosted by Marina. Shortly before her death, Heather was in conversation with Marina, giving her a long boring account of how she had met Marina many years ago. Marina is seem with a 'frozen'look on her face for a moment while Heather talks to her; a look likened to the Lady of Shalott, as though 'doom has come upon her' It then comes to light that Marina had handed her own drink to Heather after Heather's drink was spilled.
Dr. Iannis - The island's unofficial, unlicensed doctor, who spends much of his time writing about the history of Cephallonia. Mandras - A young, handsome fisherman who falls in love with Pelagia, only to destroy their relationship by going to fight in the war. Carlo Piero Guercio - A good-natured homosexual Italian soldier.
This novel is the story of the Berrys, a quirky New Hampshire family. The parents, both from the small town of Dairy, New Hampshire, fall in love while working at a summer resort hotel in Maine as teenagers. The family take up life in Vienna at what is renamed the Hotel New Hampshire. One floor is occupied by prostitutes and another floor by a group of radical communists. The novel is evocative of the New Hampshire of Irving's childhood.
Alex is a real person, born in Glasgow, who studied geology and engineering at the University of Edinburgh. While returning from a sentimental reunion with an old friend in Fife, he becomes distracted by the power and beauty of the Forth. John Orr is an amnesiac living on the Bridge. The crash which precipitated his arrival on the bridge was semi-deliberate.
The novel is about a young man who flees Bellona. He sees other characters in the novel wearing the same sort of optic chain, suggesting they have been through a similar initiation. The novel describes the process of creating the poems-the emotions and the mechanics of the writing itself-at length and several times.
The Scar opens with the journey of a small ship which has set out from the city New Crobuzon. Bellis despises her new life as a librarian for the city's vast collection of stolen books. She gains the attention of the powerful Uther Doul, bodyguard to the Lovers, the mysterious, scarred leaders of Silas.
The play tells the story of two friends, Jean and Berenger. The two attempt to have a normal life amongst the rhinoceroses. They attempt to reconcile, but fail. She comes to believe the rhinos are in the right - they who are truly passionate.
The book opens on the night before Harry's thirteenth birthday, when he receives gifts by owl post from his friends at school. Harry, Ron, Hermione, and the other students board the Hogwarts Express train and are stopped once by an entity called a Dementor. Harry faints and is revived by Professor Lupin, the new Defense Against the Dark Arts teacher.
After the death of her parents, the book's heroine, Flora Poste, finds she is possessed "of every art and grace save that of earning her own living" She decides to take advantage of the fact that "no limits are set, either by society or one's own conscience, to the amount one may impose on one's relatives" Flora visits her distant relatives at the isolated Cold Comfort Farm in the fictional village of Howling in Sussex.
The novel begins with some insight into the life of the Brodie household. The main event that triggers the events in the novel is Mary Brodie's relationship with her first love, Dennis. Mary is six months pregnant when she makes a plan with Dennis to run away and get married without her parents noticing. Her illness, cancer of the womb, and the chronic stress of living with James Brodie hasten her death.
The plot of the novel is complex, containing over 400 characters and involving many different threads of narrative. Many facts in the novel are based on technical documents relating to the V-2 rockets. The narrative contains numerous descriptions of illicit sexual encounters and drug use by the main characters. The book is set during World War II.
The main character is Gustav von Aschenbach, a famous author in his early fifties. He has a vision of a primordial swamp-wilderness, fertile, exotic and full of lurking danger. He travels to Pula on the Yugoslav coast and realizes he "was meant" to go to Venice. He meets a boy in Venice who directs a charming smile at him.
Effi, still practically a child, consents to live in the small Baltic town of Kessin. Her husband is away for weeks at a time and Major Crampas is married. Effi cannot help but rejoice in the attention he shows to her. As the reader is only delicately told, a full extramarital relationship is consumm.
Academy plebe Justin Bell is excited about his new career in space. Unfortunately several colonies are agitating for independence. On top of this very dangerous political situation, contact has just been made with non-human life. It is a very dangerous time for space exploration.
"The Jackal" tells the story of a professional assassin hired to kill de Gaulle. The assassin is unknown to either the French authorities or the OAS itself. The Jackal is buried in an unmarked grave in a Paris cemetery, officially recorded as "an unknown foreign tourist, killed in a car accident"
Harry Potter and the Deathly Hallows, Part II is the final installment of the Harry Potter series. Harry is magically bound to compete in the Triwizard Tournament as the fourth champion. Harry and Ron overhear Karkaroff confiding fearfully to Potions master Snape that something on his arm has become more prominent.
Peter and Bunter are away on an undercover assignment. During a practice air raid, a young woman is murdered in the village. Superintendent Kirk recruits Harriet to help solve the murder. Lord Peter is retired from active service and, while still involved in intelligence issues, would not be sent again behind enemy lines. Harriet worries about her husband, whose life is in danger.
The book chronicles the rise to fame of one Montgomery Marvin, a professor of economics. Marvin's extracurricular activities centre on becoming very rich in a very short time. Marvin has devised a new formula-a stock forecasting model by means of which he and his wife can cash in on people's euphoria, greed and dementia.
Merlin has spent the last several years on Earth learning computer science while building Ghostwheel, a trump- and pattern-based computer, elsewhere in Shadow. He wishes to know who has been trying to kill him every April 30, and why some of the better attempts failed, before he leaves. Merlin investigates and finds Julia slain by creatures from another shadow.
The novel provides a detailed, episodic record of the two branches of the wealthy and aristocratic Jia clan. In the novel's frame story, a sentient Stone, abandoned by the goddess Nüwa when she mended the heavens aeons ago, begs a Taoist priest and a Buddhist monk to bring it with them to see the world. The main character of the novel is the carefree adolescent male heir of the family Jia Baoyu.
Gourevitch retells survivors' stories, and reflects on the meaning of the genocide. The book describes Gourevitch's travels in Rwanda after the conflict. The title comes from an April 15, 1994, letter written to Pastor Elizaphan Ntakirutimana.
The book describes encounters between Robyn Penrose, a feminist university teacher and Vic Wilcox, the manager of an engineering firm. Robyn's academic position is precarious because of budget cuts. Vic has to deal with industrial politics at his firm. The plot is a pastiche of the industrial novel genre, particularly referencing North and South by Elizabeth Gaskell.
Carly Beth Caldwell is an 11-year-old girl who is a target for pranks and practical jokes. Some of the pranks are played by Chuck Greene and Steve Boswell, two of her friends at Walnut Avenue Middle School. Carly Beth is humiliated after the two boys trick her into eating a sandwich that contains a living worm. She flees home and discovers her mother has made a plaster of Paris model of her head.
The story of the little engine has been told and retold many times. The underlying theme is the same &mdash; a stranded train is unable to find an engine willing to take it on over difficult terrain to its destination. Only the little blue engine is willing to try and, while repeating the mantra "I think I can," overcomes a seemingly impossible task.
Naked Lunch is a non-linear narrative that is difficult to describe in terms of plot. The book begins with the adventures of William Lee, who is Burroughs' alter ego in the novel. After briefly describing Interzone, the novel breaks down into sub-stories and heavily cut-up influenced passages.
Advertising consultant Cayce Pollard is hired by marketing firm Blue Ant to judge the effectiveness of a proposed corporate logo for a shoe company. The company founder Hubertus Bigend offers Cayce a new contract: to uncover who is responsible for distributing a series of anonymous, artistic film clips via the internet.
Desperation is a story about several people who, while traveling along the desolated Highway 50 in Nevada, get abducted by Collie Entragian, the deputy of the fictional mining town of Desperation. It becomes clear to the captives that entragian has been possessed by an evil being named Tak, who has control over the surrounding desert wildlife.
"Set in the near future, A Gift traces the first generations to survive nuclear war and its aftermath" Writer Mary Hope and painter Rachel Morrow scratch out a meager existence on a farm on the Oregon coast. They are determined to collect and preserve for a new civilization all the great books of western culture. Farther down the coast lives the Arkites, a fundamentalist group that denies all knowledge not found in the Bible.
Rural Labrador has become a warmer and more hospitable place than it is at present. The inhabitants practise a form of fundamentalist Christianity with post-apocalyptic prohibitions. They believe that in order to follow God's word and prevent another Trib Humans with even minor mutations are considered "Blasphemies" and the handiwork of the Devil.
The film is about a group of scientists who find a Thing in an Antarctic base. They kill the Thing with a blowtorch, then go back to the base to destroy the Thing. The Thing was dangerously close to finishing construction of an atomic-powered anti-gravity device that would have allowed it to escape to the outside world.
 Merlin escapes from the crystal cave and decides to gain leverage over Luke by rescuing his mother from the Keep of the Four Worlds. He spars with the sorcerer who now controls the keep, and who seems to know him. He escapes with the petrified Jasra, and returns to Amber where an unusual Trump summoning imprisons him in the Mad Hatter's tea party.
Merlin realises that Wonderland, where he and Luke are trapped, is an LSD-induced hallucination made real by Luke's powers over shadow. As a Fire Angel pursues them, he administers medicine to Luke. The Fire Angel is weakened in a fight with the Jabberwock and Merlin is able to finish it off with the vorpal sword. He leaves Luke to sober up.
The novel is divided into three sections, each of which comprises chapters with different narrators. Unlike Trainspotting which had more narrational diversity, Porno is reduced to just five narrators: Sick Boy, Renton, Sp Renton and Sick Boy. Spud and Nikki's chapters are written almost entirely in "standard" English while Begbie and Spud's are in Scots.
Merlin returns to his birthplace to solve the existential riddle in which he is involved. He realizes he is but a pawn in the hands of the powerful and cynical superpowers that rule the universe. Merlin becomes the new king of Chaos and is reunited with his father, Corwin.
The Love of the Last Tycoon is "generally considered a roman a clef", inspired by the life of film producer Irving Thalberg. The story follows Stahr's rise to power in Hollywood, and his conflicts with rival Pat Brady, a character based on studio head Louis B. Mayer.
Save Me The Waltz is the story of Alabama Beggs, a Southern girl who marries a twenty-two-year-old artist, David Knight. The novel is a chronological narrative of four periods in the lives of Alabama and David Knight, names that are but thin disguises for their real-life counterparts.
In October 1957, an evil shape-shifting being, known only as "It", awakens in the town of Derry, Maine. Taking the form of a clown named Pennywise, It lives in the sewers under the Ben Hanscom is overweight, has no friends and is bullied by Henry Bowers, Belch Huggins and Victor Criss.
Maurice is a sentient cat who leads his 'Educated Rodents', a group of sentient rats, as they go from town to town posing as a plague. The rats had gained intelligence from eating the waste from the rubbish tip. They meet the mayor's daughter, Malicia, who is a story teller.
The film is set between the years of 2045 and 2050. It is the work of a Sydney man named Paul Durham. He is obsessed with experimenting on Copies of himself. The film is about a woman who tries to get money to have her dying mother scanned into a Copy.
In 2001 Rowling penned two companion books to the Harry Potter series, Quidditch Through the Ages and Fantastic Beasts and Where to Find Them. As of July 2008, the books combined are estimated to have earned over $30&nbsp;million for Comic Relief. The two books have since been made available in hardcover.
The Key of Solomon is divided into two books. It describes not the appearance or work of any spirit but only the necessary drawings to prepare each "experiment" or magical operations. Unlike later grimoires such as the Pseudomonarchia Daemonum or the Lemegeton, it does not mention the signature of the seventy-two spirits constrained by King Solomon.
Nine-year-old Tiffany Aching finds out that her grandmother used to be the witch of the Chalklands. When her baby brother is stolen, Tiffany and the Nac Mac Feegle enter the elves' world to steal him back. The novel contains a scene inspired by the painting The Fairy Feller's Master-Stroke.
Kin Arad is a human planetary engineer working for the Company, a human organisation that "builds" habitable planets. The aim of the Company's planet building is to create branches of humanity diverse enough to ensure the whole species' survival. Kin and two aliens, the four-armed frog-like, paranoid and muscular Kung Marco and Silver, are recruited by the mysterious Jago Jalo for an expedition.
Dominickdaniel "Dom" Sabalos IV is the son of the inventor of probability math, a science able to predict anything apart from anything to do with the Jokers. Before being mysteriously assassinated, his father predicted that Dom too would be killed, on the day of his investiture as Chairman of his wealthy home planet of Widdershins. Despite incalculably distant odds, Dom survives the assassination attempt. When the recording of his father's prediction is played back, a time delay added specifically for this unlikely eventuality plays a little more of the recording, in which his father makes a further prediction - that Dom will discover the Joker's homeworld.
The story follows the short-lived but glamorous musical career of "The Band with Rocks In" A group of musicians become famous after their leader, Imp Y Celyn a.k.a. 'Buddy' becomes possessed by the essence of an addictive new music. The band is "discovered" by Cut-Me-Own-Throat Dibbler, who becomes the Disc's first manager.
Rabo Karabekian is a museum guard who answers questions from visitors coming to see his priceless art. He shares the lonely home with his live-in cook and her daughter, Celeste. Circe Berman does not respect his abstract art collection, including works by Jackson Pollock. The only place that is off-limits to her is the potato barn.
Tirant lo Blanch tells the story of a medieval knight Tirant from Brittany. He joins in knightly competitions in England and France until the Emperor asks him to help in the war against the Ottoman Turks. Tirant accepts and is made Megaduke of the Byzantine Empire and the captain of an army. He defeats the Turkish invaders and saves the Empire from destruction.
Bond is sent on a two-week treatment at the Shrublands health clinic to improve his health. The Prime Minister receives a communiqué from SPECTRE explaining that the organisation has hijacked a Villiers Vindicator and seized its two nuclear bombs. The Americans and the British launch Operation Thunderball to foil SPECTre and recover the two atomic bombs.
Richard "Dick" Dudgeon is an outcast from his family in colonial Websterbridge, New Hampshire. The setting is in the Fall of 1777, during the Saratoga Campaign. Dick evicts his mother from her home, but also invites his cousin Essie , orphaned by the hanging of her father.
The Scarlet Letter "A" represents the act of adultery that she has committed and it is to be a symbol of her sin-a badge of shame-for all to see. The story starts in seventeenth century Boston in a Pur Hester's husband has sent her ahead to America whilst settling affairs in Europe. However, her husband does not arrive in Boston and the consensus is that he has been lost at sea.
Gypsy Rose Lee narrates her way through a tale of a double murder, backstage at the "Old Opera" burlesque theatre on Forty-Second Street, New York. A world where crime is part of the norm and where women struggle to earn a living and have gangster boyfriends.
Most of Live from Death Row details the prison system. Abu-Jamal delves into the purported purpose of prison, finding it hard to believe that "corrections" and deterrence are its true goals. He describes the procedures of death row blocs where twenty-plus-hour solitary confinement is offset by a few hours of recreation and exercise "outside"
In Cigars of the Pharaoh, Tintin pursued an international group of drug distributors through the Middle East and India. He managed to capture most of the cartel members, but not the mysterious leader, who fell down a ravine. In Shanghai, China, he is awaited by the assassins of the opium consortium.
Bertha Ley is a member of the landed gentry. She has no doubts about her role in life, which will be to serve her future husband. Edward Craddock is a County Councillor for the Conservative Party. While his wife settles down to a life of quiet despair and excruciating boredom, Edward embarks on a career in politics.
A young mother and her two daughters travel to Marrakech, Morocco, during the 1960s. They live in a low-rent Marrakesh hotel and make a living out of making hand-sewn dolls. Whilst the mother explores Sufism and quests for personal fulfilment, the daughters rebel.
Myra Breckinridge is an attractive young woman with a mission. She is a film buff with a special interest in the Golden Age of Hollywood-in particular the 1940s. She comes to the Academy for Aspiring Young Actors and Actresses, owned by her deceased husband Myron's uncle, Buck Loner. Myra gets a job teaching, not just her regular classes , but also, as part of the hidden curriculum, female dominance.
The novel follows narrator "Philip Roth" on a journey to Israel, where he attends the trial of accused war criminal John Demjanjuk. He becomes involved in an intelligence mission-the "Operation Shylock" of the title.  The novel was published by Simon & Schuster in September.
Virginia, in her mid-forties, spends Christmas alone at home. When she accompanies Oliver to New York for a première, she finds out to her dismay that he has been betraying her. The family move into a bigger house in Dinwiddie. They now employ a number of servants, including an African American butler.
After the wedding-day murder of his wife, Bond begins to let his life slide, drinking and gambling heavily, making mistakes and turning up late for work. His superior in the Secret Service, M, had been planning to dismiss Bond, but decides to give him a last-chance opportunity to redeem himself.
The novel is divided into three parts, or books. The virus is developed at a U.S. Army base, where it is accidentally released. An estimated 99.4% of the world's human population is killed by the virus. The narrative outlines the total breakdown and destruction of society.
King Henry IV is having an unquiet reign. His personal disquiet at the murder of his predecessor Richard II would be solved by a crusade to the Holy Land. But broils on his borders with Scotland and Wales prevent that Hal has forsaken the Royal Court to waste his time in taverns with low companions.
A year after James Bond's final confrontation with Ernst Stavro Blofeld, a man claiming to be Bond appears in London and demands to meet the head of the Secret Service. Bond's identity is confirmed, but during his debriefing interview with M, Bond tries to kill him with a cyanide pistol; the attempt fails. M sends Bond to Jamaica and gives him the seemingly impossible mission of killing Francisco "Pistols" Scaramanga, a Cuban assassin.
Eddie Valiant is a hard-boiled private eye, and Roger Rabbit is a second-banana cartoon character. The rabbit hires Valiant to find out why his employers, the DeGreasy Brothers, have reneged on a promise to give Roger his own strip. Roger is mysteriously murdered in his home.
The book begins by introducing the character of Ms. Frizzle and describing her unusual teaching methods. Soon, she decides to take the class on a field trip to the waterworks, which the kids are sure will be boring. However, after driving through a tunnel, the bus becomes plastered with images of octopuses and everyone inside wears scuba diving outfits.
Ms. Frizzle's class is learning about the solar system and Arnold's unpleasant cousin Janet, who constantly raves about herself, has joined them. The Friz decides to take the kids on a field trip to the planetarium, but, once they get there, they find it is closed. However, on the way back to school, Arnold reminds Mrs.Frizzle of the planet aquarium known as "the big one" Ms. Frizzles pushes a button that makes the bus transform into a rocket and blast off into outer space.
One of the little birds is perceived by the duck's surroundings as a homely little creature and suffers much verbal and physical abuse from the other birds and animals on the farm. He wanders sadly from the barnyard and lives with wild ducks and geese until hunters slaughter the flocks. He then finds a home with an old woman but her cat and hen tease him mercilessly and again he sets off on his own.
Thoreau's time at Walden Woods was his most productive as a writer. He rhapsodizes about the beneficial effects of living solitary and close to nature. Thoreau yearns for a utopian time when each New England village supports "wise men" to educate and thereby ennoble the population.
Pel lives with his German girlfriend Ursula and their two children, and works in the IT department of a university library. The story begins with Pel receiving an odd call from his boss, TSR, who quizzes him about extradition treaties. Within a week he has vanished without a trace, and Pel promoted to TSR's former position.
Ring for Jeeves is explicitly set in post-World War II England. Social changes have forced some of the idle rich to seek employment. The story opens with a chance encounter in a pub. Mrs Spottsworth is on her way to meet the Earl of Rowcester at the invitation of his sister Lady Monica.
The opening chapter describes the release of the 108 spirits, imprisoned under an ancient stele-bearing tortoise. The next chapter tells the story of Gao Qiu, one of the primary antagonists of the story. The "Original Seven", led by Chao Gai, rob a convoy of birthday gifts intended for the minister Cai Jing. They flee to Liangshan Marsh after defeating a group of soldiers sent by the authorities to arrest them, and settle down there as outlaws.
The Lazarus Effect continues the story of the planet Pandora that began in The Jesus Incident. The sentient kelp is almost extinct, Ship is gone, there is no more dry land, and the majority of humanity is heavily mutated from the genetic experiments performed by Jesus Lewis. A power-hungry mad man is attempting to control the planet.
The novel focuses on the midlife crisis of the main character, Ilya Ilyich Oblomov. The novel evolved and expanded from an 1849 short story or sketch entitled "Oblomov's Dream" While clearly comedic, the novel also seriously examines many critical issues that faced Russian society in the nineteenth century.
Diaspora is a sci-fi novel set in Carter-Zimmerman, a polis devoted to physics and understanding the cosmos. The novel's title itself refers to a quest undertaken by most of the inhabitants of the polis. The Diaspora consists of a collection of one thousand clones of C-Z polis, deployed toward stars in all directions in the hope of gathering data.
A physicist from Earth begins a series of experiments to test the extremities of the fictitious Sarumpaet rules. The experiments unexpectedly create a bubble of something more stable than ordinary vacuum, dubbed novo-vacuum. The bubble expands outward at half the speed of light as ordinary vacuum collapses to this new state.
Captain Hastings arrives in the flat that he now shares with Poirot in London. He is eager to tell the Belgian detective about a woman with whom he has fallen hopelessly in love. But he finds an extraordinary letter from the south Renauld and his wife were attacked in their rooms at 2.00 in the night. His body was found stabbed in a newly dug open grave on the edge of a nearby golf course.
The monomyth is the theory that myths from around the world all share a fundamental structure. The hero starts in the ordinary world, and receives a call to enter an unusual world of strange powers and events. If the hero accepts the call, the hero must face tasks and trials, and may have to face these trials alone, or may have assistance. At its most intense, thehero must survive a severe challenge, often with help earned along the journey.
Julián Estaban is impersonating the Mayan god Kukulcán. He fights and escapes from a powerful gold hungry conquistador, Hernán Cortés. Julián wants to be a priest and asks the bishop many times to make him one, but in the end he lets the priest sacrifice him.
The story is set several years into the continued cold war between the United States and the Soviet Union. The ratification produces a wave of public dissatisfaction, especially among the President's opposition and the military. Under a procedure known as ECOMCON , the nation's telephone, radio and television network infrastructure is to be seized by a secret Army combat unit.
The novel is set in various locations around the world, starting in 783 AH by the Islamic calendar with the Black Death plague killing nearly 99% of the population of Europe. The story follows a group of protagonists who are continually reborn throughout the centuries into various cultural and geographical settings. Within the novel's re-imagined world, many places are given unfamiliar names, mostly of Chinese or Arabic origin.
In 1986, professional thief Jim Rawlings breaks into the apartment of a senior civil servant, and unintentionally discovers stolen top secret documents. Preston investigates and finds three out-of-place looking metal discs in Aurora is to be smuggled into England, and be exploded near Bentwaters Air Force Base a week before the general election. As part of Plan Aurora, Russian agent Valeri Petrofsky arrives under deep cover in One of the couriers, disguised as a sailor, is attacked by n
 Artemis Fowl II, the 13-year-old criminal mastermind, has created a supercomputer which he calls the "C Cube", from stolen fairy technology. When Fowl meets Chicago businessman Jon Spiro to show him the Cube, Spiro ambushes Artemis and steals it. Artemis manages to revive him with the aid of cryogenics and fairy healing magic, courtesy of Captain Holly Short of the LEPrecon squad.
The Little Mermaid lives in an underwater kingdom with her father, the sea king; her grandmother and her five elder sisters. When a mermaid turns 15, she is allowed to swim to the surface to watch The Little Mermaid asks her grandmother whether humans can live forever if they do not drown. The grandmother explains that humans have a much shorter lifespan than merfolks' 300 years. When mermaids die they turn to sea foam and cease.
The main plotline is a project by aliens who inhabit a parallel universe with different physical laws from this one. The aliens consist of the "hard ones" and the amorphous "soft ones" The soft ones have three sexes with fixed roles for each sex. The different sexes can "melt" and merge physically, Rationals and Parentals can do this to some extent independently.
The book begins when John Arable's sow gives birth to a litter of piglets. Mr. Arable discovers one of them is a runt and decides to kill it. However, his eight-year-old daughter Fern begs him to let it live. The next day, he meets his new friend: Charlotte, the grey spider.
A young woman named Sophie Hatter is the eldest of three daughters living in the magical kingdom of Ingary. She unknowingly talks life into objects. Sophie works as a cleaning lady for the notorious Wizard Howl. Howl is famed in her town for eating the hearts of beautiful young women.
Palatine Ross is a 70 year-old cleaning woman originally from New Orleans. Three of her brothers, who work as farm hands, die in a burning Palatine and her husband start working as "apartment managers" Their marriage remains childless though, and the couple find solace by becoming active members of one of the local churches.
Kilgore Trout is a widely published, but otherwise unsung and virtually invisible writer. He is invited to deliver a keynote address at a local arts festival in distant Midland City. By happenstance, Kilgore piques the interest of Dwayne Hoover, a wealthy businessman. Dwayne reads the novel, which purports to be a message from the Creator of the Universe explaining that the reader is the only individual in the universe with free will.
The novel tells the story of a man living in New York City after the end of World War II. A white supremacist organization learns of his existence and makes Campbell's will to live returns for the first time in years. The book ends as it began, with Campbell sitting in his Israeli jail cell waiting for his trial.
Dennett: Evitability is entirely compatible with, and actually requires, human action being deterministic. He denies that it requires acting to the benefit of others without gaining any benefit yourself. Dennett suggests that adherence to high ethical standards might pay off for the individual. If others know your behaviour is restricted in these ways, the scope for beneficial mutual arrangements is enhanced.
John Clark and Domingo Chavez join Special Air Service officer Alistair Stanley in forming an elite multinational counter-terrorist unit. The unit consists of a highly effective and cohesive pair of operational squads. Chavez is deployed to Austria, where a group of left-wing German terrorists have taken over the schloss of a wealthy Austrian businessman.
The main backdrop of Jasmine, which was based on an earlier short story in The Middleman and Other Stories, is the mixing of the East and West. The story expanded as a story of a young widow suddenly widowed at seventeen. She uproots herself from her life in India and re-roots herself in search of a new life and the image of America.
Gabriel Oak is a young shepherd. He falls in love with Bathsheba Everdene. She values her independence too much and him too little. An inexperienced new sheep dog drives Gabriel's flock over a cliff, ruining him. After selling off everything of value, he manages to settle all his debts, but emerges penniless. He seeks employment at a work fair in the town of A shepherd puts out a fire on a farm and is thanked by the owner. She reveals herself
The story is set in California, United States, in 1984, the year of Ronald Reagan's re-election. In the '60s, during the height of the hippie era, the fictional College of the Surf seceded from the United States and became its own nation of hippies and dope smokers.
Poirot investigates the murders of Charlotte Benfield, Lesley Ferrier, Janet White and Dr. Ferguson. He meets Michael Garfield, the handsome and talented young man who designed the garden. Poirot meets Judith Butler's daughter, Miranda Butler. Miranda admits that in the Quarry garden she saw Michael Garfield and Rowena Drake carrying Olga's dead body.
The novel tells the story of a young British boy, Jaime Graham, who lives with his parents in Shanghai. After the Pearl Harbor attack, the Japanese occupy the Shanghai International Settlement, and in the following chaos Jim becomes separated from his parents. Having exhausted the food supplies, he decides to try to surrender to the Japanese Army. After many attempts, he finally succeeds and is interned in the Lunghua Civilian Assembly Center.
Al Franken's new book, Lies and the Lying Liars Who Tell Them, targets prominent Republicans and conservatives. A significant portion of the book is devoted to comparisons between President George W. Bush and former president Bill Clinton. Franken also criticizes several pundits, especially those he believes to be the most dishonest, including O'Reilly and Hannity.
We first encounter Maurice Hall aged 14 having a discussion about sex and women with his prep-school teacher, Ben Ducie. Maurice leaves university without taking his degree, and gets a good job as a stockbroker. Under Clive's influence he has long since abandoned his Christian beliefs. Maurice's unfulfilled emotional longings come closer to being resolved when he is invited to stay at Penge with the Durhams'
The novel takes place over Thanksgiving weekend 1973, during a dangerous ice storm. It centers on two neighboring families, the Hoods and the Williamses, and the difficulties they have dealing with the tumultuous political and social climate of the day. The novel is narrated from four different perspectives.
The novel starts out in the seedy milieu of bars where prostitutes mingle with the hopeless flotsam that the war left behind. It is in this setting that Robert meets Patrice Hollmann, a mysterious beautiful young woman with an upper middle class background. Their love affair intensifies as he introduces her to his life of bars and races and Robert's nihilistic attitude slowly begins to change as he realizes how much he needs Pat.
John Gower introduces each act with a prologue. The play opens in the court of Antiochus, king of Antioch, who has offered the hand of his beautiful daughter to any man who answers his riddle. Pericles, the young Prince of Tyre in Phoenicia hears the riddle, and instantly understands its meaning.
William Mandella is conscripted for an elite task force in the United Nations Exploratory Force being assembled for a war against the Taurans. The first expedition, beginning in 1997, lasted only two years from the soldier's perspective, but due to time dilation, upon return to Earth decades have passed. Mandella returns to civilian life, only to find humanity drastically changed.
Bambi is a roe deer fawn born in a thicket to a young doe in late spring one year. The novel skips ahead a year, noting that Bambi was cared for by Nettla, and that when he got his first set of antlers he was abused and harassed by the other males.
Earthman Elijah Baley has died nearly two centuries earlier. Earth-people have overcome their stagnation and agoraphobia, and embarked on a new wave. The homeworld of Gladia, and the 50th-established of the Spacer planets, has been abandoned and has become empty of all inhabitants.
Set in 80 F.E., three decades after the events of The Encyclopedists, The Mayors is set in a time where the Encyclopedia Foundation's scientific understanding has given it significant leverage over the Four Kingdoms. Master Trader Eskel Gorov has traveled to the worlds of Askone, where he hopes to trade nucleics.
Search by the Mule was originally published in the January 1948 issue of Astounding Science Fiction under the title "Now You See It-". Part II: Search By the Foundation takes place sixty years after the first part. The members of the Foundation are now fully aware that the Second Foundation is out there.
Black denounces work for its compulsion, and for the forms it takes. He views the subordination enacted in workplaces as "a mockery of freedom" Black argues that the political left has failed to acknowledge as revolutionary the critique of work. He advocates Charles Fourier's approach of arranging activities so that people will want to do them.
The novel is set between 1660 and 1667 against the background of the transformation of Louis XIV from child monarch to Sun King. The principal heroes of the novel are the musketeers. Raoul de Bragelonne finds his childhood sweetheart, Louise de la Vallière, is maid of honor to the Princess. Aramis plots a coup d'état to replace Louis with Philippe.
The action begins under Queen Anne of Austria regency and Cardinal Mazarin ruling. D'Artagnan is sent to the Bastille to retrieve a prisoner, who turns out to be his former adversary. He locates Bazin, Aramis' old servant, now beadle at Notre Dame. The four arrange to Raoul saves the Comte de Guiche when they are attacked by Spanish soldiers.
In the world of 2116, a person's maximum age is strictly legislated: twenty one years, to the day. When people reach this Lastday they report to a Sleepshop in which they are willingly executed via a pleasure-inducing toxic gas. A person's age is revealed by their palm flower crystal embedded in the palm of their right hand that changes color every seven years, yellow , blue , then red , then blinks red and black on Lastday.
Valentine is banished by the Duke of Milan for killing a man in a fair fight. While wandering outside Milan, Valentine runs afoul of a band of outlaws. Julia discovers Proteus' love for Silvia, watching him attempt to serenade her. Valentine warns Thurio that if he makes one move toward her, he will kill him.
The book is divided into three parts. The first part covers the 17 years in the lives of this group of friends after Karen's lapse into a coma. Richard has to cope with losing Karen but gaining a daughter, Megan. Wendy throws herself into work and Linus loses himself, looking for that which is lost. Pamela becomes a supermodel and Hamilton a demolition expert.
Oskar Schindler was a self-made entrepreneur and bon viveur. He almost by default found himself saving Polish Jews from the Nazi death machine. After the war, he is commemorated as Righteous among the Nations by the Yad Vashem Holocaust Museum in Jerusalem. After 29 unexceptional postwar years he died in 1974.
The novel begins in the year 2019, when the SETI program, at the Arecibo Observatory, picks up radio broadcasts of music from the vicinity of Alpha Centauri. The first expedition to Rakhat, the world that is sending the Sandoz, a talented Taino linguist born in a Puerto Rican slum.
Russian defector tells of a KGB plan to kill Pope John Paul II. Jack Ryan, the Central Intelligence Agency, and the British Secret Intelligence Service help with transporting a Russian defector and his family to the United States. The defector is named Alexei Kovalev.
The first few pages tell of Nariman's subjection to increasing decay in physical health and stinging insults from his stepdaughter. The book contains many details of the Parsis' practices, rituals, intolerances, and the concerns of native Parsis. In the epilogue, the youngest of all characters, Jehangir, becomes the narrator, describing the metamorphosis that religion, age, death, and wealth bring to his family.
Kuhn argues that the evolution of scientific theory does not emerge from the straightforward accumulation of facts. The pre-paradigm phase is characterized by several incompatible and incomplete theories. Over time, progress in normal science may reveal anomalies. Whether the anomalies of a candidate for a new paradigm will be resolvable is almost impossible.
The novel deals with the decay of an aristocratic southern family just after the end of World War I. The wealthy Sartoris family of Jefferson, Mississippi, lives under the shadow of its dead patriarch. Young Bayard is haunted by the death of his brother, who was killed in action.
Lewis presents a chronological series of scenes in the life of his title character. Babbitt simply grows two years older as the tale unfolds. The first seven chapters follow BabbITT's life over the course of a single day. In the final scene, all has been righted in his life and he is back on a traditional track.
The first chapter of this novel is a short story titled "The Stoker" The story describes the bizarre wanderings of a 16-year-old European emigrant named Karl Roßmann in the United States. Karl was forced to go to New York to escape the scandal of his seduction by a housemaid. He becomes friends with two drifters named Robinson and Delamarche.
A strange, inexplicable malaise is spreading throughout Earthsea. Magic is losing its power; songs are being forgotten; people and animals are sickening or going mad. Archmage Ged leaves Roke Island to find the cause on Ged and Arren head out to the furthest parts of the Reaches. They encounter dragons flying about them in a state of madness.
Thomas Fowler is a British journalist in his fifties who has been covering the French war in Vietnam for over two years. He meets a young American idealist named Alden Pyle, who has no real experience in matters of Southeast Asia at all. Fowler has a live-in lover, Phuong, who is only 20 years old and was previously a dancer at The Arc-en-Ciel on Jaccareo Road, in Cholon. Her sister disapproves of their relationship, as Fowler is already married and an atheist.
Juan Crisóstomo Ibarra y Magsalin comes back to the Philippines after a 7-year absence. Former San Diego curate Fray Dámaso Vardolagas belittled and sland I barra. He visits María Clara, his betrothed, the beautiful daughter of Captain Tiago and affluent resident of Binondo.
A cabal of Ankh-Morpork's guild leaders seeks to gradually depose the Patrician, replace him with Nobby Nobbs as the new king and rule the city through him. To implement this, the cabal orders the golems' newly-made king, Meshugah, to make poisoned candles and have them delivered to the palace. However, the golem used a baker's oven rather than a proper kiln to bake MeshUGah, meaning the king is literally "half-baked" Its mind overloaded with all the wishes and propositions of the many golems, it goes mad and starts killing people.
Montresor tells the story of the day that he took his revenge on Fortunato, a fellow nobleman, to an unspecified person who knows him very well. Angry over some unspecified insult, he plots to murder his friend during Carnival when the man is drunk, dizzy, and wearing a jester's motley. Montresor walls up the niche, entombing his friend alive.
'Thursbitch' is a complex novel that can be read on many different levels. Structurally it can be regarded as a Möbius strip, since the last chapter describes the same events as the first. One is then induced to read the book again, which becomes a different experience as a result of the first reading.
In the third Ripley novel, Tom Ripley is a wealthy man in his early thirties. He lives in Villeperce, France, with his wealthy French wife, Heloise. Ripley suggests to Minot that he might try to convince Trevanny to commit the two murders.
Clyde Griffiths was raised by poor and devoutly religious parents who force him to participate in their street missionary work. His troubles begin when he takes a job as a bellboy at a local hotel. Clyde enjoys his new lifestyle and does everything in his power to win the affections of the flirtatious Hortense Briggs. But Clyde's life is forever changed when a stolen car in which he's traveling kills a young child.
Timon is not initially a misanthrope. He is a wealthy and generous Athenian gentleman. He gives a large banquet, attended by nearly all the main characters. But under them the friends find not a feast, but rocks and lukewarm water. Timon goes into the wilderness and makes his crude home in a cave. Here he discovers an underground trove of gold.
In the seventh year of the Trojan War, a Trojan prince named Troilus falls in love with Cressida, the daughter of a Trojan priest who has defected to the Greek side. In Troy, the sons of King Priam debate whether it is worthwhile to continue the war-or whether they should return Helen to the Greeks.
 Keynes wrote four prefaces, to the English, German, Japanese and French editions. He addressed the book to his fellow economists, yet mentions he hopes it will be helpful to others. He claims that the connection between this book and his Treatise on Money, written five years earlier, will most likely be clearer to him than anyone else.
Tintin is sent to Chicago, Illinois to clean up the city's criminals. He is captured by gangsters several times, soon meeting Al Capone himself. After several attempts on his life, Tintin meets Capone's rival, the devious Bobby Smiles, who heads the Gangsters Syndicate of Chicago.
In 1978, while riding home from work with his friend Dennis, nerdy teen Arnold "Arnie" Cunningham spots a dilapidated red and white Plymouth Fury parked in front of a house. Arnie makes Dennis stop so he can Arnie brings Christine to a do-it-yourself auto repair facility run by Will Darnell. A number of inexplicable car-related deaths occur around town. It is revealed that Christine, possessed by LeBay's vengeful spirit,
Nova Express is a social commentary on human and machine control of life. The Nova Mob&mdash;Sammy the Butcher, Izzy the Push, The Subliminal Kid, and others are viruses. These Nova Criminals represent society, culture, and government, and have taken control.
A former astronaut is hired by a detective agency to help in an investigation of a case of mysterious deaths. Several victims became mad and committed suicide during their vacation in various Naples spas, apparently without reason. During the investigation, it becomes apparent that certain innocent chemicals can be combined into a strong depressor, a kind of chemical weapon.
The book begins with a story of a base on Saturn's moon Titan. The main story concerns an expedition sent to a distant star. It is set more than a century after the prologue, when a starship is built in Titan's orbit. This future society is described as globally unified and peaceful.
The book is narrated by 15 different characters over 59 chapters. It is the story of the death of Addie Bundren and her family's quest to honor her wish to be buried in Jefferson. Addie's health is failing rapidly. Her oldest son, Cash, puts all of his carpentry skills into preparing her coffin.
The story, told here in chronological order, although the novel shifts around in time, primarily takes place in a town named Ayemenem or Aymanam in Kerala state of India. The temporal setting shifts back and forth from 1969, Ammu Ipe becomes desperate to escape her ill-tempered father and her bitter, long-suffering mother. The film tells the story of a family that visits a theater to see The Sound of Music.
Syracusian trader Egeon faces execution when he is discovered in Ephesus. He can only escape by paying a fine of a thousand marks. In his youth, he married and had twin sons. Egeon's son Antipholus of Syracuse, now grown, and his son's slave Dromio of Syracuse left Syracuse on a quest to find their brothers.
The first book is a series of flashbacks from 1713 to the earlier life of Daniel Waterhouse. During the flashbacks, the book refocuses on Daniel's life between 1661 and 1673. While attending school at Trinity College, Cambridge, Daniel becomes Newton's companion, ensuring that Newton does not harm his health.
The Persians takes place in Susa, Iran, which at the time was one of the capitals of the Persian Empire. The Queen Mother, Atossa, narrates "what is probably the first dream sequence in European theatre" The rest of the drama consists of the king alone with the chorus engaged in a lyrical kommós.
It is about fifteen years since the events described in Tehanu, and eight after those in Dragonfly. King Lebannen has his share of problems. Accompanied by three wizards, two dragons in human form, and a Kargad princess, he sails to Roke to right an ancient wrong.
The main character is an incompetent and cynical wizard named Rincewind. He involuntarily becomes a guide to the rich but naive tourist from the Agatean Empire, Twoflower. Their journey is controlled by the Gods playing a board game. The names of the dragons' riders feature punctuation in the middle, making reference and parody of the Dragonriders of Pern series by Anne McCaffrey.
The Octavo magic book saves Rincewind from the edge of the Discworld. The wizards of Ankh-Morpork discover from Death that the world will be destroyed by a huge red star unless the eight spells are read. One of the most powerful spells in existence hides in Rince wind's head. After winning a fight against them, he is able to read all eight spells aloud.
The novel was originally published in serial form in Astounding Science Fiction magazine. In the novel, hidden throughout a future America of 1972 are a group of incredibly gifted children. These children were born to workers caught in an explosion at an atomic weapons facility, and orphaned just a few months after birth when their parents succumbed to delayed effects from the blast.
The story follows the progress of a group of disaffected computer wizards who are early adopters of a new full-immersion virtual reality technology. Forming a cabal, they must keep their true identities - their True Names - secret even to each other and to avoid prosecution by their "Great Adversary" - the government of the United States.
The story is narrated in the first person by Frank Chambers, a young drifter who stops at a rural California diner for a meal. The diner is operated by a young, beautiful woman, Cora, and her much older husband, Nick Papadakis. Frank and Cora scheme to murder the Greek in order to start a new life together without Cora losing the diner.
The story takes place in ancient India around the time of Gotama Buddha. Siddhartha, the son of a Brahmin, decides to leave behind his home in the hopes of gaining spiritual illumination by becoming an ascetic wandering beggar. He reunites with the ferryman, named Vasudeva, with whom he begins a humbler way of life.
A character named Andrew Martin requests an unknown operation from a robotic surgeon. The robot refuses, as the operation is harmful and violates the First Law of Robotics. Andrew decides that he wants to be a man. He seeks out Li-Hsing, a Feingold and Martin begins to slowly bring cases to court that generalize what it means to be human.
"The General" was first published in the April 1945 issue of Astounding Science Fiction under the title "Dead Hand" The second half of the book, titled "The Mule," takes place approximately one hundred years after the first half. The Empire has ceased to exist, Trantor has been sacked by a "barbarian fleet" Most of the Galaxy has split into barbaric kingdoms.
On the Discworld, the number eight has many of the magical properties that are sometimes ascribed to seven in other mythologies. Drum Billet wants to pass his wizard's staff on to his successor. However, the newborn child is actually a girl, Esk . Since Billet notices his mistake too late, the staff passes on to her.
The story follows a plot by a secret brotherhood to overthrow the Patrician of Ankh-Morpork and install a puppet king. Using a stolen magic book, they summon a dragon to strike fear into the people. It is the task of the Night Watch &ndash to stop them, with some help from the Librarian of the Unseen University.
Djelibeybi is the Discworld counterpart to Ancient Egypt. The main character of Pyramids is Teppic, prince of the tiny kingdom of Djelibybi. Teppi is forced to escape from the palace, along with a handmaiden named Ptraci. Meanwhile, the massive pyramid being built for his father warps space-time so much that it "rotates" Djelebeybi out of alignment with the space/time of the rest of the disc by 90 degrees.
The story involves Mr. and Mrs. White and their adult son Herbert. Sergeant-Major Morris, a friend of the Whites who has been part of the British Armed Forces in India, leaves them with the monkey's paw. He tells of its mysterious powers to grant three wishes, and of its journey from an old fakir to his comrade.
Sir Oliver Tressilian lives at the house of Penarrow together with his brother Lionel and his servant Nicholas. Sir Oliver is betrothed to Rosamund Godolphin, but her brother Peter, a young hothead, detests the Tressilians. Peter's actions lead to Sir Oliver dueling Sir John, whom he deems to be the source of the enmity.
The novel alternates between two settings. The first is 1930s Moscow, which is visited by Satan. The second setting is the Jerusalem of Pontius Pilate, described by Woland talking to Berlioz. Part one of the novel opens with a direct confrontation between the unbelieving head of the literary bureaucracy and an urbane foreign gentleman.
William Legrand becomes obsessed with searching for treasure after being bitten by a scarab-like bug thought to be made of pure gold. He notifies his closest friend, the narrator, telling him to immediately come visit him at his home on Sullivan's Island in South Carolina. Legrand informs him that they are embarking upon a search for lost treasure along with his African-American servant Jupiter. The story involves cryptography with a detailed description of a method for solving a simple substitution cipher using letter frequencies.
The story opens with the town of Güllen preparing for the arrival of famed billionairess Claire Zachanassian. Claire makes a donation of one billion units of an unspecified currency, half for the town and half to be shared among the families. The townspeople are overjoyed, but their happiness is dampened when Claire's butler Alfred Ill becomes increasingly fearful.
David Lurie is a South African professor of English who loses everything. His "disgrace" comes when he almost forcibly seduces one of his more vulnerable students. He is dismissed from his teaching position, after which he takes refuge on his daughter's farm in the Eastern Cape. Shortly after becoming comfortable with rural life, he is forced to come to terms with the aftermath of an attack.
The novel's narrator, Will McLean, attends the Carolina Military Institute in Charleston, from 1963 to 1967. The novel takes place in four parts. The first describes the beginning of his senior year and the admission of new freshmen into the plebe system. The second is an extensive flashback into his own plebe year. The fourth and final part relates to Will's battle against the mysterious Ten.
The book features nanotechnology, which Richard Feynman had discussed in his 1959 speech There's Plenty of Room at the Bottom. Drexler imagines a world where the entire Library of Congress can fit on a chip the size of a sugar cube. Topics also include hypertext as developed by Project Xanadu and life extension.
The story begins with Dr. Elwin Ransom, a professor of philology at a college of the University of Cambridge, on a hiking trip in the English Midlands. Ransom is told by an eldil, an almost invisible creature reminiscent of a spirit or deva, that he must meet Oyarsa. When he again regains consciousness he finds himself in a metallic spherical spacecraft en route to a planet called Malacandra.
The Terran system is growing and expanding all the time. But an old and corrupt Centaurian Empire is holding Terra down. For this reason Terra is at war with Proxima Centauri. In the war Terra is continually coming up with new weapons to try and break the centaurian defenses.
The story is a parody of the tale of Faust. It follows the events of Sourcery in which the Wizard Rincewind was trapped in the Dungeon Dimensions. At the end of the book, the Tezumen are revealed to have abandoned worshipping the Luggage as well and had turned atheist.
The protagonist is Malachi Constant, the richest man in 22nd-century America. He becomes the centerpoint of a journey that takes him from Earth to Mars. Vonnegut describes a phenomenon known as a chrono-synclastic infundibulum. The book's title is derived from a group of statues of three beautiful women.
American-Italian journalist Christopher de Monti is assigned to Warsaw after covering the Spanish civil war. He meets and becomes intimate with both the Nazi hierarchy and the Jews of Warsaw. As the ghetto is surrounded and reduced to rubble, he throws in his lot with the gallant defenders. He is one of the few survivors and manages to escape with a young woman, Gabriela Rak.
The novel is loosely based on a libel action brought against Leon Uris by Dr Wladislaw Dering, a Polish physician who worked at Auschwitz. Dr Dering was awarded a half-penny damages, the smallest possible amount at the time. In effect, the whole novel seems to indict the plaintiff for collaborating, while the defendant is guilty of a minor exaggeration.
Annabelle Andrews awakens one Friday morning to find herself in the body of her mother, with whom she argued the previous night. Suddenly in charge of taking care of the family's affairs and her younger brother Ben, she enlists the help of her neighbor and childhood friend, Boris. As the day wears on and Annabelle has a series of increasingly bizarre and frustrating misadventures, she becomes gradually more appreciative of how difficult her mother's life is. The novel races towards its climax and Ben also disappears, apparently having gone off with a pretty girl whom Boris did not recognize.
In our timeline, a Confederate messenger lost General Robert E. Lee's Special Order 191, which detailed Lee's plans for the Invasion of the North. The orders were soon found by Union soldiers, and using them, Lee forces McClellan into battle. The first three series cover an alternate World War I, Inter-war period, and World War II.
The story starts with the philologist Elwin Ransom, some years after his return from Mars. He is transported in a boxlike vessel seemingly made of ice, which contains only himself. Ransom arrives in Venus after a journey in which he is surrounded by bright colours. He returns to Earth about a year later and is met by Lewis and another friend.
The novel explores an unusual connection between molecular genetics and quantum computing. Most of the novel focuses on future south-east Asian politics, repressed childhood guilt, evolutionary biology and academic life. As often in Egan's books, there is some focus on sexuality: this time the lead character is gay.
The novel is largely autobiographical, Sal being the alter ego of the author and Dean standing for Neal Cassady. The narrative takes place in the years 1947 to 1950, is full of Americana, and marks a specific era in jazz. Dean appears as the yellow roman candle that catalyzes the action of the novel.
The title character is a fifteen-year-old boy who lives in a small town in the U.S. state of Texas. When his friend Jesus Navarro commits suicide after killing sixteen bullying schoolmates, suspicion falls on Vernon. Fearing the death penalty, he goes on the run to Mexico.
The Silver Horde have set out on a quest. With them is a whiny, terrified bard, whom they have kidnapped. Along the way they are joined by Evil Harry Dread and Vena. Leonard of Quirm is ordered by the gods to paint the entire ceiling of the Temple of Small Gods with a spectacular mural.
Adam Fenwick-Symes is the novel's antihero. His quest to marry Nina parodies the conventions of romantic comedy. War looms, Adam's circle of friends disintegrates, and Adam and Nina's engagement flounders. At the book's end, we find Adam alone on an apocalyptic European battlefield.
The novel is told from the point of view of Gilgamesh, and is primarily ambivalent about the supernatural elements of the epic. Most of the events are portrayed in a fairly realistic manner, and the reader is left undecided as to whether certain events are coincidence, or divine intervention. Silverberg afterwards wrote a number of stories for the fantasy anthology series Heroes in Hell.
The novel is presented as a series of vignettes over a period of about 1500 years, from 1282 ab urbe condita to 2723 AUC. Most of the story-chapters involve Roman politics, either the competition between the Western and Eastern Empires to dominate the other. Others describe the first Roman circumnavigation of the world and unsuccessful attempts to conquer Nova Roma.
Dorothy, accompanied by the Wizard of Oz and several other friends, departs the Emerald City in a carriage drawn by the Wooden Sawhorse. In the underground Nome Kingdom, the desirous Roquat is plotting to seize the Land of Oz. The Whimsies are large and hulking, but possess disproportionately small heads. The Growleywogs are muscular giants, possessing no surplus flesh.
The novel is set in the future, on the fictional planet of Shora, a moon covered by water. The inhabitants of this planet, known as Sharers, are all female. Sharers use genetic engineering to control the ecology of their planet. They are peaceful beings who "share" and treat everyone equally.
The novel alternates between the present and flashbacks featuring the points of view of Tony, Charis, and Roz. Zenia has given each woman a different version of her biography, tailor-made to insinuate herself into their lives. The novel, like other works by Atwood, deals with power struggles between men and women.
Lázaro is a boy of humble origins from Salamanca. After his stepfather is accused of thievery, his mother asks a wily blind beggar to take Lazarillo on as his apprentice. LáZaro develops his cunning while serving the blind beggars and several other masters.
The book follows a young man named Tod Hackett who works in Hollywood as a costume designer and background painter. He falls in love with Faye Greener, an aspiring starlet who lives nearby. The book ends with a riot at a movie premiere.  The book is published by Simon & Schuster.
James Bond, British Secret Service operative 007, has been involved in "Operation Bedlam" for more than a year. Bond is frustrated by MI6's insistence that he continue the search and his inability to find Ernst Stavro Tracy. Tracy is the daughter and only child of Marc-Ange Draco, head of the biggest European crime syndicate. Draco believes the only way to save his daughter from further suicide attempts is for Bond to help.
Blaine is given secret orders to take Horace Hussein Bury to the Imperial capital, Sparta. MacArthur is to be repaired in the New Caledonia system, then proceed to the capital. The book ends on a dark note, with the mediator Charlie predicting that a later generation of humans will destroy the Motie species after the next collapse.
The story details a straight line who is hopelessly in love with a dot. The dot, finding the line to be stiff, dull, and conventional, turns her affections toward a wild and unkempt squiggle. The line, unable to fall out of love, manages to bend himself and form an angle.
The author marries a friend of her brother who soon admits that his dream is to leave his current office job and start a chicken ranch. Knowing nothing about ranching, but eager to support her husband, the author encourages the dream but is unprepared for the primitive conditions on the ranch.
Anne Elliot is the overlooked middle daughter of the vain Sir Walter, a spendthrift baronet. Nearly nine years after breaking her engagement, she has still not forgotten Frederick Wentworth. Wentworth reenters Anne's life when Sir Walter is forced by his own fiscal irresponsibility to rent out Kellynch.
The story is set in 2010, mostly in the United States. A number of plots and many vignettes are played out in this future world. The Hipcrime Vocab and other works by the fictional sociologist Chad C. Mulligan are frequent sources of quotations. A supercomputer named Shalmaneser is an important plot element.
The novel focuses on Molly Bolt, the adopted daughter of a poor family. Molly has her first same-sex sexual relationship in the sixth grade with her friend Leota B. Bisland. Molly also engages in sex with males, including her cousin Leroy when the two were younger.
The book follows the life of Lawrence Newton from the colony planet Amethi. Newton is a mercenary in the Zantiu-Braun strategic security forces. The book has four separate story threads. The threads are told in parallel in the book, merging at the end.
 Spiegelman visits his father, Vladek, from whom he has become estranged. Vladesk has remarried to a woman called Mala since the suicide of Art's mother, Anja. Anja suffers a mental breakdown after giving birth to their first son, Richieu. The couple go to a sanitarium in Nazi-occupied Czechoslovakia.
Like The Call of the Wild, The Sea Wolf tells the story of a soft, domesticated protagonist. In this novel's case an intellectual man named Humphrey van Weyden is forced to become tough and self-reliant by exposure. Wolf Larsen is an individualist, hedonist, and materialist. He takes care of Van Weyden, while forcing him to become a cabin boy.
Rev. Stephen Kumalo learns that his sister is in trouble, from a letter from his brother, John Kumalo, who lives in Johannesburg. Stephen decides to travel to Johannesburg to help his sister and also seek his son, Absalom, who works in the mines. He finally locates his son who had been in jail but now plans with his friends to steal so they can get enough money to avoid a life in the gold mines. During the robbery,Absalom kills Arthur Jarvis, a white friend of his father.
There are multiple story-line threads which eventually intertwine. The Cyberspace Matrix, a synergistic linked computer database that encompasses all information on Earth, has become home to sentient beings. Multiple AIs secretly inhabiting cyberspace are the fragmented, compartmentalized remains of two AIs, Neuromancer and Wintermute.
The story is formed from several interconnecting plot threads, and also features characters from Gibson's previous works. One of the plot threads concerns Mona, an innocent young prostitute who has a more-than-passing resemblance to famed Simstim superstar Angie Mitchell. The second story focuses on a young Japanese girl named Kumiko, daughter of a Yakuza boss. The third story thread follows a reclusive artist named Slick Henry, who lives in a place named Factory in the Dog Solitude.
Tehanu begins slightly before the conclusion of the previous book in the series, The Farthest Shore. It provides some information about the life of Tenar after the end of The Tombs of Atuan. She adopts the child of wandering vagabonds after the child's natural father pushes her into a campfire. Tenar gives the child the name Therru which means 'flame' in Tenar's native Kargish.
Hitchens: Mother Teresa was a tool by which the Catholic Church furthered its political and theological aims. He argues that Teresa's own words on poverty proved that her intention was not to help people. Hitchens details Mother Teresa's relationships with wealthy and corrupt individuals including Haitian dictator Jean-Claude Duvalier.
Two dogs, Rowf and Snitter, escape from a government research station in the Lake District. They live on their own with help from a red fox, or "tod," who speaks to them in a Geordie dialect. After the starving dogs attack some sheep on the fells, they are reported as ferocious man-eating monsters by a journalist. A great dog hunt follows, which is later intensified with the fear that the dogs could be carriers of a dangerous bioweapon, such as the bubonic plague.
Moll Flanders is a 19th-century English thief. She is sent to Newgate Prison after robbing a family in their burning house. There she is led to her repentance. Moll is found guilty of felony, but not burglary, the second charge. Yet Moll convinces a minister of her repentance, and together with her Lancashire husband is sent.
A boy, Michael and his family have moved into a new house that is very old and falling apart. When Michael goes into the garage, amid all the boxes, debris and dead insects he finds a strange emaciated man. Michael assumes that he is a homeless person, but decides to look after him and gives him food, though he is crotchety and arthritic. Michael hears a story that human shoulder blades are a vestige of angel wings.
The novel was written in 1914. It is set a few years previous and is divided into three parts. In the first part, Sensei and I, the narrator, a guileless university student, befriends an older man. Sensei lives as a recluse, interacting only with his wife and the narrator.
From the age of 13, Millicent King keeps her journals in a series of exercise books. The diary records the dramas of everyday life in an ordinary English family. She struggles to become a teacher, but wants more out of life. From bohemian literary London to Rome in the twenties, her story moves on to social work.
Dorothy is near her home in Kansas when the story begins. She and her dog Toto first meet the Shaggy Man, a wandering hobo who carries the Love Magnet with him, en route to avoid the town of Butterfield. They take the seventh and soon meet Button Bright, a little boy in a sailor's outfit who is always getting lost.
In The Last Battle, Lewis brings The Chronicles of Narnia to an end. The book deals with the end of time in the old Narnian. It sums up the series by linking the experience of the human children in N  Shift, using Puzzle as his pawn. The series ends with the revelation that it was only the beginning of the true story.
Richard Abernethie, a wealthy businessman, dies suddenly. His family believes he was murdered. Cora Gilchrist is nearly killed by arsenic poison in a slice of wedding cake. The only reason that she is not killed is that, following a superstition, she has saved the greater part of the slice of cake under her pillow.
Horace Holly is a Cambridge don whose keen intellect and knowledge was developed to compensate for his ape-like appearance. Leo is an attractive, physically active young English gentleman with a thick head of blond hair. Ayesha was born over 2,000 years ago amongst the Arabs, mastering the lore of the ancients and becoming a great sorceress. She journeyed to the ruined kingdom of Kôr, feigning friendship with a her Ustane is an Amahagger maiden
Burmese Days is set in 1920s imperial Burma, in fictional district of Kyauktada. John Flory is a jaded 35-year-old teak merchant. He craves a partner who will share his passion. His dilemma seems to be answered when Elizabeth Lackersteen arrives.
Dorothy Hare is the daughter of a disagreeable widowed clergyman. Her father is Rector of Knype Hill, a small provincial East Anglian town. She keeps house for him, fends off the trade creditors, visits parishioners and makes costumes for fund-raising events. All the time she practises self-mortification in order to be true to her faith.
The book begins with a single human narrator from England who is, via unexplained means, transported out of his body and finds himself able to explore space and other planets. A key idea is the formation of collective minds from many telepathically linked individuals, on the level of planets, galaxies, and eventually the cosmos itself. The climax of the book is the "supreme moment of the cosmos", when the cosmical mind attains momentary contact with the "Star Maker" of the title.
The novel is set in the future after a fictional third world war. The main plot line follows the metamorphosis of Paul from being within the system to being against the system. The purpose of the two plot lines is to give two perspectives of the system: one from an insider who is emblematic of thesystem, and one from a outsider who is looking in.
Dennis Barlow is a funeral pastor at a pet cemetery in Hollywood. He meets Aimée Thanatogenos, a cosmetician, and courts her. She commits suicide by injecting herself with cyanide in Barlow's workroom. Barlow leaves town so it will appear he ran away with Thanatogenicos.
The story falls broadly into three parts. In Post-World War II London, Jean Paget, a secretary in a leather-goods factory, is informed by solicitor Noel Strachan that she has inherited a considerable sum of money. She was taken prisoner with a group of women and children, and takes a leading role in the group of prisoners.
Kira Argounova, the protagonist of the story, is the younger daughter of a bourgeois family. The story takes place from 1922 to 1925, in post-revolutionary Russia. Kira meets Leo Kovalensky on a dark night in a seedy neighborhood. It's love at first sight for Kira, and she unflinchingly throws herself at Leo.
When HARLIE Was One contains the first fictional representation of a computer virus. It also is the first use of the term 'virus' to describe a program that infects another computer. Central to the story is an Artificial Intelligence named H.A.R.I.E., also referred to by the proper name "HARLIE"
Buck is a powerful St. Bernard-Scotch Collie dog who lives a comfortable life in California's Santa Clara Valley as the pet of Judge Miller. Manuel, the gardener's assistant, steals Buck and sells him to pay a gambling debt. Shipped to Seattle, Buck is harassed in his crate and given nothing to eat or drink. Released from the crate, he confronts and is beaten by the "man in the red sweater", and is taught to respect the club. Buck is bought by a pair of French-Canadians named François and Perrault, who take him to the Klondike region of Canada and train him as a sled dog. He and the vicious, quarrelsome lead dog, Spitz, develop a rivalry. Buck eventually beats Spitz in a fight "to the death"
The main plot appears in linear prose in chapter VII, The Mayan Caper. This chapter portrays a secret agent who has the ability to change bodies or metamorphose his own body using "U.T." The agent takes on a gang of Mayan priests who use the Mayan calendar to control the minds of slave laborers.
Set in the 1860s, Caddie Woodlawn is about a lively eleven-year-old tomboy. The sequel to the book, Magical Melons, continues the story of CADDie and her family. The book is published by Simon & Schuster, Inc.
The protagonist of The Sun Also Rises is Jake Barnes, an expatriate American journalist living in Paris. Jake suffered a war wound that has caused him to be impotent; the nature of his injury is not explicitly described in the novel. He is in love with Lady Brett Ashley, a twice-divorced Englishwoman.
The novel's central character is Étienne Lantier, previously seen in L'Assommoir. Originally to have been the central character in Zola's "murder on the trains" thriller La Bête humaine. He embraces socialist principles, reading large amounts of working class movement literature. His simplistic understanding of socialist politics are very reminiscent of the rebel Sil.
The Vicomte de Valmont is determined to seduce the virtuous Madame de Tourvel. At the same time, the Marquise de Merteuil wants to corrupt the young Cécile de Volanges. CéCile falls in love with the Chevalier Danceny and Valmont pretends to help the secret lovers in order to gain their trust.
The tape dates from when Krapp turned 39. The young man he was back then is described as idealistic, even unrealistic in his expectations. Unlike his younger selves, Krapp has nothing good to say about the man he has become. The idea of making one "last effort" when it comes to his writing upsets him.
In Happy Days the existential condition of the characters is visualized in the mound tightening around Winnie. In the second act she has almost been engulfed by the mound. Beckett wants to represent the endless repetition of dying moments rather than death itself. The nearer she gets to the end, the slower does Winnie sink.
Innokentii Volodin, a diplomat, makes a telephone call he feels obligated to his conscience to make, even though he knows he risks arrest. The sharashka prisoners work on technical projects to assist state security agencies and generally pander to Stalin's increasing paranoia. The novel addresses numerous philosophical themes, and through multiple narratives is a powerful argument for a stoic integrity and humanism.
Johnny Gunther was diagnosed with a brain tumor when he was just 17 years old. The book, published in 1949, records in simple detail all the events and tensions that made up the months that Johnny fought for his life. The story was eventually made into a TV movie in 1975, starring Robby Benson as Johnny Gunther, and Arthur Hill as his father.
Author's first novel. revolves around the protagonist Phaethon Uncomposed, Indepconciousness, Base Neuroformed, Silver-Gray Manorial Schola, Era 7043. The novel concerns the discovery that parts of his past have been edited out of his mind.
The story begins in Prague with news of the assassination in Sarajevo that precipitates World War I. `vejk displays such enthusiasm about faithfully serving the Austrian Emperor in battle that no one can decide whether he is merely an imbecile or is craftily undermining the war effort. After being certified insane he is transferred to a madhouse, before being ejected. He finally joins the army as batman to army chaplain Otto Katz.
The Eschaton is a mysterious and immensely powerful posthuman entity. It strictly enforces certain rules on human civilization out of apparent self-interest. It has left a message throughout human space. The most important commandment appears to be "thou shalt not violate causality"
The book follows the lives of the swordfishing crew of the Andrea Gail and their family members before and during the 1991 Perfect Storm. The latter part of the book attempts to reconstruct events at sea during the storm. The ship and crew were never found. A few fuel drums, a fuel tank, the EPIRB, an empty life raft, and some other flotsam were the only wreckage.
Set shortly after the events in the first book, the protagonist is a boy named Tip, who for as long as he can remember has been under the guardianship of a witch named Mombi. Tip and his friends escape and journey to the palace of Glinda the Good. They learn that a girl named Ozma was hidden by the Wizard of Oz long ago.
Dorothy Gale and Billina are on a steamship traveling to Australia when they are caught in a fierce storm and separated. They come across a message inscribed in the sand: "BEWARE THE WHEELERS"! Soon they meet these gaudily dressed, loud-yelling creatures who have wheels instead of hands and feet, and roll around on all fours. They find a door carved into its side and open it to find Tik-Tok, a round copper mechanical man. He tells them about the Land of Ev where they are now and the loss of its royal family to the magic of the Nome King. He takes them to safety from the Wheelers to the royal residence.
The novel is narrated by the protagonist Jack Forman, who is an unemployed software programmer. He is forced to take the role of a house husband while his wife Julia serves a high ranking employee at a nanorobotics company. Jack is offered a job by Xymos because the project manager, Ricky, is having software issues with the nanobots.
The Tin Woodman, the Scarecrow, Woot, and Polychrome resume their quest and come upon the spot that the Tin Wood man stood rusted. The five come to the dwelling of the tinsmith Ku-Klip. Both tin woodmen now seek the heart of Nimmie Amee.
"Pierre Menard, Author of the Quixote" is written in the form of a review or literary critical piece about Pierre Menard. Menard is often used to raise questions and discussion about the nature of authorship, appropriation and interpretation. Borges' "review" describes Menard's efforts to go beyond a mere "translation" of Don Quixotes.
Semley travels to the planet of Fomalhaut II with an automated spaceship. She descends into the dwarves' tunnels, like Rip van Winkle, and returns after a generation. The novel then follows Rocannon, an ethn Rocannon sets out to find a base on the planet.
The book weaves around the story of a Kesh woman called Stone Telling, who lived for years with her father's people. The story fills less than a third of the book, with the rest being a mixture of Kesh cultural lore , essays on Kesh culture, and the musings of the narrator, "Pandora" The book is a protest against contemporary civilization, which the Kesh call "the Sickness of Man"
The action takes place around Glens Falls in upstate New York. Cora and Alice Munro are daughters of Lieutenant Colonel Munro. Heyward and Hawkeye lead the Munro women to Fort William Henry, which is by now surrounded by French. Munro reveals Cora's heritage-the Colonel's first wife was of mixed race.
The plot is simple in the extreme. Rasselas, son of the King of Abyssinia, is shut up in a beautiful valley, "till the order of succession should call him to the throne" Local color is almost nonexistent and episodic elements, e.g. the story of Imlac and that of the mad astronomer, abound.
In the story, set after the last book, Dorothy is joining Uncle Henry in California. She strikes up an acquaintance with Hugson's nephew and her second cousin, Zeb. Dorothy and her friends head into the land of the Gargoyles. They are trapped in a cave which they can not exit. Dorothy suggests that she signal Ozma to bring them to Oz.
In Forward the Foundation, Isaac Asimov continues the chronicles of the life of Hari Seldon. The story takes place on Trantor, and begins eight years after the events of Prelude to Foundation. It depicts how Seldon developed his theory of psychohistory from hypothetical concept to practical application in galactic events.
After the Mexican-American War, a Scots-Native American orphan girl, Ramona, is raised by Señora Gonzaga Moreno, the sister of Ramona's deceased foster mother. Ramona falls in love with Alessandro, a young Indian sheepherder and the son of Pablo Assis, the chief of the tribe. Alessandro's tribe was driven off their land, marking the beginning of European-American settlement in California.
Queen Ann Soforth of Oogaboo sets out to raise an army to conquer Oz. Glinda magically rearranges the path through the mountains and Queen Ann. The Shaggy Man falls through the greenhouse's roof, and charms the Gardener into sparing all of their lives with his Love Magnet.
Rebel Alliance intercepts an Imperial probe containing a distress call for the Emperor. Message details a lizardlike race of aliens invading the Outer Rim planet Bakura. With Palpatine dead and the Imperial Navy scattered, Luke Skywalker volunteers to lead a force to intercept the alien invasion. The Ssi-Ruuk seek to harvest a supply of life forms, whose life energies power their advanced technology.
Dr. Thomas Stockmann is a popular citizen of a small coastal town in Norway. The town has recently invested a large amount of public and private money towards the development of baths. Dr. Stockmann discovers that waste products from the town's tannery are contaminating the waters. He holds a town meeting at Captain Horster's house to persuade people that the baths must be closed.
Cap'n Bill, a sailor with a wooden peg-leg, and his friend, a little girl named Trot, set out from California on a calm day for a short ride in their row-boat. They alight in the land of Mo, one of Baum's non-Oz creations. They meet the Bumpy Man, who specializes in serving sugar and molasses.
The story begins in 1951. John Rivers is speaking to a friend about his encounter with the Maartens family. In 1921, Rivers, who was extremely sheltered by his widowed mother, is employed as a lab assistant to Henry Maarten. As his attraction towards Katy grows, Rivers is simultaneously victimized by her 15-year-old daughter Ruth.
 Jacen Solo has a horrifying vision through the Force about the fate of the galaxy. In order to avoid such catastrophe, Jacen decides to turn his back on the Force forever. However, a ray of hope shines in the conceiving of Luke and Mara Jade Skywalker's child.
Chieko Sada is the daughter of Takichiro and Shige, who operate a kimono wholesale business in Kyoto. The novel, one of the last that Kawabata completed before his death, examines themes common to much of his literature: the gulf between the sexes and the anxiety its recognition brings.
In the aftermath of the Battle of Ebaq 9, the New Republic is reformed into the Galactic Federation of Free Alliances, or the Galactic Alliance for short. Jacen Solo, son of Han Solo and Princess Leia, has escaped from the Yuuzhan Vong with the aid of a Jedi Master from the time of the Old Republic. A new government is forming on Mon Calamari after the fall of Coruscant.
Vonnegut uses the premise of a timequake in which there is no free will. Kilgore Trout serves again as the main character. Vonnegut explains in the beginning of the book that he was not satisfied with the original version of Timequake he wrote.
The book centers on a boy, Bastian Balthazar Bux, who is neglected by his father and is bullied by his schoolmates. The book begins in Fantastica, when a "will-o'-the-wisp Atreyu is a young boy of Bastian's age. He is the only person that can stop the Nothing.
The Chosen is set in the mid-Twentieth Century, in Williamsburg, Brooklyn, New York City. The story takes place over a period of six years, beginning in 1944 when the protagonists are fifteen. Danny Reb Saunders forbids his son to speak to Reuven, or even mention his name.
Two murders are committed on the Tisquanto State College campus. The first victim is one of the conservative deans, who is stabbed after his life-size effigy has been burned. The second victim is a female student whose body is found dangling from a rope in the campus bell tower.
In 1939, Rinkitink in Oz was one of six Oz books specially re-issued by Rand McNally in a condensed, small-format "junior edition" for young readers. The Wizard learns that the crusty goat is actually Prince Bobo of Boboland, and Dorothy herself carries a basket of eggs to the Wizard.
Arrowsmith tells the story of bright and scientifically minded Martin Arrowsmith as he makes his way from a small town in the Midwest to the upper echelons of the scientific community. The book's climax deals with Dr. Arrowsmith's discovery of a phage that destroys bacteria and his experiences as he faces an outbreak of bubonic plague on a fictional Caribbean island.
Glinda awakens in her palace in the Quadling Country and finds her Great Book of Records is missing. She goes to prepare a magic spell to find it- only to see her magic tools are gone as well. She dispatches Glinda, Dorothy, and the Wizard organize search parties to find Ozma. Accompanying them are Button-Bright, Trot, and Betsy Bobbin.
In 1891, the Time Traveller prepares to return to the year 802,701 and save Weena, the Eloi who died in the fire with the Morlocks. In 1873, he travels to 1873 to persuade his younger self to stop his research on Plattnerite. The timeline he sought to go to is inaccessible to him now.
The book follows the evolution of mankind as it shapes surviving Purgatorius into tree dwellers. At one point, hominids become sapient, and go on to develop technology. Also to be found in Evolution are ponderous Romans, sapient dinosaurs, the last of the wild Neanderthals, a primate who witnesses the extinction of the dinosaurs.
The story is narrated in the first person as an autobiographical memoir told by the titular horse named Black Beauty. Sewell's detailed observations and extensive descriptions of horse behaviour lending the novel a good deal of verisimilitude. The book describes conditions among London horse-drawn taxicab drivers, including the financial hardship caused to them by high licence fees and low, legally fixed fares.
St. Nicholas flies in an air-borne sleigh pulled by eight reindeer. After landing his sleigh on the roof, the saint enters the house through the chimney. As he flies away, Saint Nicholas wishes everyone a "Happy Christmas to all, and to all a good night"
The Yuuzhan Vong are preparing for their invasion on the Star Wars galaxy. They are doing this by covertly disrupting the peace established by that of the New Republic. The New Republic makes a quick plan to destroy Helska IV by using heat-concentrating ships to blow the world.
The epic begins with Meghann "Meggie" Cleary, a four-year-old girl living in New Zealand in the early twentieth century. Although Meggie is a beautiful child with curly red-gold hair, she receives Paddy receives a letter from Mary offering him a job on her estate. He accepts, and the whole family moves to the Outback. Here Meggie meets Ralph de Bricassart, a young, capable, and ambitious priest.
Bini Aru discovered a method of transforming people and objects by merely saying the word "Pyrzqxgl" Princess Ozma decreed that no one could practice magic in Oz except for Glinda the Good Witch and the A sparrow. Ruggedo claims that the Li-Mon-Eags will transform the animals into humans and march on the Emerald City and transform its inhabitants into animals.
The book begins where Charlie and the Chocolate Factory ends. Vermicious Knids are predatory extraterrestrials that have infested the Space Hotel. Wonka proposes a pill he invented, Wonka-Vite, to make them young again. The grandparents are still incensed with Wonka's adventurous nature.
The story is told through the eyes of Arthur, a writer turned journalist. Themes of unrealised potential, the cold-blooded manoeuvering, and the upward climb of the influential mystery woman, fictionalise the intricacies and interactions of class and power in Britain at the time.
The alchemists of the Discworld have invented moving pictures. Many hopefuls are drawn by the siren call of Holy Wood. Ginger is possessed by an unspecified entity and she and Victor find an ancient, hidden cinema. Back in Ankh-Morpork, a creature from the Dungeon Dimensions breaks through.
Princess Ozma and Dorothy travel to an obscure corner of the Land of Oz, in order to prevent a war between two local powers. The leaders of the two tribes prove obstinate. Unable to prevent the war, Dorothy and Ozma find themselves imprisoned on the Skeezers' glass-covered island.
The titular "Book of Sand" is the Book of all Books, and is a monster. This Book of Sand has no beginning or end: its pages are infinite. The bookseller indicates that he acquired the book in exchange for a handful of rupees and a Bible, from an owner who did not know how to read.
The novel is narrated by a 13 year old girl, Salamanca Tree Hiddle. Sal's mother, Sugar, has recently left Sal and her father for reasons that are initially unclear. Intertwined with Sal's narrative is the story of her growing friendship with several classmates and her tentative romance with one of these classmates.
The Rosewater Foundation was founded by United States senator Lister Ames Rosewater of Indiana. It is operated by a large legal firm in New York and provides an annual pension of $3.5 million to Eliot, the senator's son. Eliot goes through the list of things philanthropists do to help the poor, and eventually sets out across America, going from small town to small town, before landing in Rosewater.
The novel has no single central character, and its focus is on different responses to the experience of war. It tells the story of a machinegun company in the war from mobilisation to armistice. A picture of the whole nation in microcosm, the men come from all over the country.
Carol Milford is a liberal, free-spirited young woman, reared in the metropolis of Saint Paul, Minnesota. She marries Will Kennicott, a doctor, who is a small-town boy at heart. Carol is appalled at the backwardness of Gopher Prairie, but her disdain for the town's physical ugliness compels her to reform it.
Paul Sheldon is the author of a best-selling series of Victorian-era romance novels. Annie is Paul's "number one fan," being an avid reader of the Misery Chastain series. She takes him to her own home rather than a hospital, putting him in the guest bedroom. Annie forces Paul to burn the Fast Cars manuscript he hoped would launch his post-Misery career.
Lorenzo vows to win the hand of Antonia, but must visit his sister Agnes, who is a nun at the nearby abbey. Ambrosio is on the point of raping Antonia when Elvira enters. Amb Raymond tells a story of the time he went travelling in Germany under the name Alphonse d'Alvarada.
The Yuuzhan Vong have begun cloning voxyn, creatures capable of hunting Jedi through the Force and killing them. Anakin Solo and the Jedi Council consider sending a specialized all-Jedi strike team to take out the cloning facility. The final group comprises Anakin, Ulaha Kore, Jacen Solo, Jaina Solo, Tenel Ka Djo and Zekk.
"Collusion" opens with Cuban revolutionary Fidel Castro's January 1, 1959 overthrow of the Fulgencio Batista government. "Shakedowns" covers just 26 days, introducing the three principal characters. Three protagonists plot to entrap John F. Kennedy with a call girl.
The book is about a young lad, Nils Holgersson, whose "chief delight was to eat and sleep, and after that he liked best to make mischief". He takes great delight in hurting the animals in his family farm. Nils captures a tomte in a net while his family is at church and has left him home to memorize chapters from the Bible. The tomte proposes to Nils that if Nils frees him, the tomte will give him a huge gold coin, but Nils rejects the offer. The book also includes various subplots, concerning people whose lives are touched by Nils and the wild geese.
The story begins on November 22, 1963, in Dallas, minutes after the John F. Kennedy assassination. Ward Littell, former Federal Bureau of Investigation agent turned high-powered Mafia lawyer, arrives in Dallas with J. Edgar Hoover's blessing. Wayne Tedrow, Jr., a US Army veteran and Las Vegas Police Department officer, is paid six thousand dollars to fly to Dallas and murder a black pimp who has offended the casinos.
Ramsay's passion for hagiology and his guilty connection to Mary Dempster provide most of the impetus and background for this novel. The entire story is told in the form of a letter written by Ramsay on his retirement from teaching at Colborne College, addressed to the school Headmaster.
Tintin is informed by the Thompsons of a case involving the ramblings of a drunken man, later killed, found with a scrap of paper from what appears to be a tin of crab-meat. His subsequent investigation and the kidnapping near his apartment of a Japanese man leads Tintin to a ship called Karaboudjan, where he is abducted by a syndicate of criminals who have been hiding opium in the crab tins.
Black Boy is a memoir of Richard Wright's childhood and young adulthood. It is split into two sections, "Southern Night" and "The Horror and the Glory" Wright is a curious child living in a household of strict, religious women and violent, irresponsible men. He finds the north less racist than the south and begins forming concrete ideas about American race relations.
The plot centers on Jim Willard, a handsome youth in Virginia in the late 1930s. When his best friend Bob Ford, one year his senior, is about to leave high school, the two take a camping trip. Jim becomes a cabin boy on a cruise ship after going to New York to look for work.
Dirk Struan is referred to throughout the novel as Tai-Pan, indicating his position as head of the largest of all the trading companies in Asia. The novel begins following the British victory of the first Opium War and the seizure of Hong Kong. Although the novel features many characters, it is Dirk Struan and Tyler Brock, former shipmates and the owners of two massive trading companies.
In the Jungle of Nool, a jungle environment populated by anthropomorphic fauna, an elephant named Horton encounters a clover inhabited by a society of tiny beings known as the "Whos" of microscopic size. After conversing with the mayor of Whoville, Horton decides to dedicate all of his time to tending to the needs of the Whos. However, the Sour Kangaroo, doubting Horton's stories, encourages all of the other animals that Horton is lying, and they decide to destroy the clover out of contempt.
The story concerns a world named Patra-Bannk and a crew of explorers from another world named Two-Bit seeking a treasure of metallic hydrogen. The book is set in a time in the far future when the galaxies are beginning to merge, prior to the "Big Crunch" The planet's current inhabitants are human-like, but with six fingers on each hand.
Millennium Approaches is set in New York City in 1985. Act One of Millennium Approaches introduces us to the central characters. As the seven-hour play progresses, Prior is visited by ghosts and an angel who proclaim him to be a prophet. The subplot involving Cohn is the most political aspect of the play.
Ben Mears, a successful writer who grew up in the town of Jerusalem's Lot, Maine, has returned home after twenty-five years. Ben starts writing a book about the Marsten House, an abandoned mansion where he had a The duo's arrival coincides with the disappearance of a young boy, Ralphie Glick, and the death of his brother Danny. Danny becomes the town's first vampire, infecting such locals as Mike Ryerson, Randy McDougall and Father Call
Ivan Denisovich Shukhov has been sentenced to a camp in the Soviet gulag system. He is accused of becoming a spy after being captured by the Germans as a prisoner of war during World War II. Solzhenitsyn also details the methods used by the prisoners for survival.
Dwight "Bucky" Bleichert is a former boxer and a member of the Los Angeles Police Department. The novel is set during the Zoot Suit Riots of June 1943. Three years later, in 1946, Bucky is invited to fight in a boxing match against Officer Lee Blanchard. On January 15, 1947 while Bucky and Lee are on a stakeout they discover the mutilated body of Elizabeth Short.
"Battle Royal" opens with a story about a young black boy in a small town in the South. The narrator is sent to New York to get a job. He gets a job in the boiler room of a paint factory. He is confronted by a man named Jack, who implores him to join a group called the Brotherhood.
A man is found floating in the water by a small ship. He has several bullet wounds, including a head wound which has resulted in amnesia. The doctor treating him finds a message surgically embedded in his hip which contains details of a Swiss bank account, presumably held anonymously. The patient heads to Zurich to visit the bank, where he learns his name is Jason Charles Bourne, and finds US$ 5 million in his account. He transfers the bulk of this money and takes some in cash. As he leaves, he is attacked by three men, which he thwarts in their attempt on his life. In the panic, he escapes back to his hotel and takes a hostage.
Renner and Bury are secretly enlisted into Imperial Naval Intelligence. They spend the next twenty-five years investigating revolutions against the Empire so that the Imperial Navy can concentrate on blockading the Moties from entering into human space. In Mote, it is mentioned that a protostar is forming in the Coalsack Nebula. The Moties had studied it extensively and told the MacArthur expedition that it would ignite in about 1,000 years.
Redwall is a fixture in the local community, set in the heart of Mossflower Woods. It was designed to be a place of refuge for the beasts of the forest in times of trouble. Trouble arrives in the form of Clun Foebeasts who make their headquarters at the Church of St. Ninian, to the south of Redwall.
The novel is told partly in first-person narration by the main character, Julian Class, and partly by an anonymous third-person narrator. Using remotely controlled robots called "soldierboys" , the Alliance military fights third world guerrillas in an endless series of economy-driven wars. The novel is not a direct sequel to The Forever War.
The plot of The plot follows Matriarch and her family, as they encounter man for the first time. The city of Los Angeles is now some twenty-four hundred miles south of central Alaska. If the movement is two inches a year, we can expect Los Angeles to arrive off Anchorage in about seventy-six million years.
Tintin sees an extra star in the Great Bear. He meets a man called Philippulus who tells him that "It is a Judgement! Woe!" The extra star is a meteor, a vast ball of fire making its way towards Earth, which will cause the end of the world tomorrow morning. In the end, however, the shooting star does not collide with the Earth, but passes by it.
The novel details the lives of Tom and Maggie Tulliver, a brother and sister growing up at Dorlcote Mill on the River Floss. The book is fictional autobiography in part, reflecting the disgrace that George Eliot herself experienced. The story begins when she is 9 years old, 13 years into her parent's marriage.
Lullaby is the story of Carl Streator, a newspaper reporter who has been assigned to write articles on a series of cases of sudden infant death syndrome. He discovers that his wife and child had died immediately after he read them a "culling song", or African chant, from a book entitled Poems and Rhymes Around the World. The song has the power to kill anyone it is spoken to. Because of the stress of his life, it became unusually powerful, allowing him to kill by only thinking the poem.
Brothers Arcite and Palamon are captured and imprisoned by Theseus, duke of Athens following his intervention against Creon. Palamon wakes early one morning in May, to see Emily in the courtyard; his moan is heard by Arcita, who then too falls in love with her as well. The competition brought about by this love causes them to hate each other.
The novel opens with an extended description of the Maison Vauquer, a boarding house in Paris' rue Neuve-Sainte-Geneviève. The residents include the law student Eugène de Rastignac, a mysterious agitator named Vautrin, and an elderly retired vermicelli-maker named Jean-Joachim Goriot.
Jim Dixon is a medieval history lecturer at a redbrick university in the English Midlands. The comic dynamic of the novel is Dixon's rebellion against the cant and pretension he meets in academic life. The novel ends with possession of relative affluence, the London life he craves, and the girl.
The devil Belphagor comes to live on Earth for a time, to investigate reports that women have grown extreme in their misbehaviors and have made marriage a curse. He disguises himself as a Spanish doctor named Castiliano. In the play's subplot, Grim the collier is a simple and good-hearted soul who is devoted to his love, Joan of Badenstock.
Perry Nelson, a normal 1939 engineer, is driving his automobile when he has a blowout, skids over a cliff, and wakes up in the year 2086. He re-appears in extremely cold snow, nearly dies again by freezing, and is saved by a fur-clad woman named Diana. The later 21st Century people seem strangely incurious, showing little interest in how he had come to be among them.
The novel is a satirical comedy that looks at 6th-Century England and its medieval culture through the eyes of Hank Morgan. The story begins as a first person narrative in Warwick Castle, where a man details his recollection of a tale. Hank is a 19th-century aristocrat who builds up a medieval infrastructure behind the nobility's back.
The play is introduced to the audience by Tom, the narrator and protagonist, as a memory play based on his recollection of his mother Amanda and his sister Laura. Tom works in a warehouse doing his best to support them. Amanda is obsessed with finding a suitor for Laura, who spends most of her time with her collection of little glass animals. Eventually Tom brings home an acquaintance from work named Jim, who Amanda hopes will be the long-awaited suitor.
Queen Jasmina of the lighthugger Gnostic Ascension wakes Quaiche, a member of her crew, from Reefersleep. She is disappointed with him, despite his promises that he would improve the crew's fortunes. She sends him to explore the star 107 Piscium and its planets. His lover, Morwenna, is sent with him in the scrimshaw suit.
Takeshi Kovacs is now serving in Carrera's Wedge. He joins a corporate war on a distant colony, Sanction IV, and fights the rebellion against the corporate-sponsored government. Kovacs realizes that Wardani sabotaged the first archaeological expedition after discovering that her team wanted to use the Martian ship as a weapon.
The play opens with Agnes, a brutal, scathing, upper class woman in her late 50's, discussing the possibility of suddenly and quite easily losing her mind. Agnes reminisces about the death of her son, an unreal time. She suspects that Tobias has been unfaithful, and asks Harry and Claire to confirm it.
Akunin distorts the Romanov family relations somewhat. Nicholas II is portrayed as dependent on his uncles Cyril and Simeon. The three uncles of Nicolas II are semi-fictitious. The story is told from the perspective of Afanasi Ziukin, the majordomo of Grand Duke George Alexandrovich.
After escaping the alternate Topeka and the evil wizard Randall Flagg, Roland's ka-tet travel to the farming village of Calla Bryn Sturgis. There they meet the townsfolk, as well as Father Callahan, who was originally introduced in 'Salem's Lot' Father callahan also tells the gunslingers his remarkable story of how he left Maine following his battle with the vampire Kurt Barlow in the novel Salem's Lot. Since that encounter he has gained the ability to identify Type-3 vampires with a blue aura.
The story begins on Wang Lung's wedding day and follows the rise and fall of his fortunes. The House of Hwang, a family of wealthy landowners, lives in the nearby town. Wang Lung, through his own hard work and the skill of his wife, O-Lan, slowly earns enough money to buy land.
Mary Lennox is a selfish 10-year-old girl, who is born in India to wealthy British parents. She is sent to live with her uncle, Archibald Craven, in Yorkshire, England. At first, Mary is her usual self, sour and rude, disliking her uncle's large house, the people within it, and most of all the vast stretch of moor. She gradually comes to enjoy the company of Martha, Ben Weatherstaff the gardener, and also that of a friendly robin redbreast.
The Sea, the Sea is a tale of the strange obsessions that haunt a self-satisfied playwright and director. Played out against a vividly rendered landscape and filled with allusions to myth and magic, Murdoch's novel exposes the jumble of motivations that drive her characters. Charles Arrowby, its central figure, decides to withdraw from the world and dwell in seclusion in a house by the sea.
The story opens with the funeral of Kilty Larkin, father of Tomas and grandfather of Conor. A storyteller tells Conor of the history of the Fenians, a rebel group from the early 19th century. This stirs the fire of rebellion in the now 12 year old Conor Larkin.
The Discovery of Heaven tells the story of an angel-like being, who is ordered to return to Heaven the stone tablets containing the Ten Commandments. The angel arranges for the men, Onno and Max, to meet in 1967. Onno is an introverted, rather arrogant and highly intelligent linguistic genius. Max is a more extroverted, erotomanious astronomer, haunted by his rather dark family history.
The story is narrated in two interwoven timeframes. The first timeframe is the perspective of John in the present day. The second timeframe is John's memories of the past, growing up in New Hampshire. Owen sees his name on the grave during that fateful performance of "A Christmas Carol" He also saw the date of his death: July 8, 1968.
This Present Darkness takes place in the small college town of Ashton. Bernice Kreuger, a reporter for the Clarion, Ashton's town newspaper, is falsely arrested on prostitution charges after taking a photograph at the annual Ashton Summer Festival. Marshall Hogan, owner/editor-in-chief of theClarion, decides to go to the town police station/courthouse and confront Alf Brummel, the police chief, about the incident.
Oahspe includes doctrinal books, and precepts for behavior can be found throughout its many books. Some core doctrines include an herbivorous diet , peaceful living , living a life of virtue, and service to others. The largest of the Books are Book of Eskra, the recent history according to Oahspe, and the Book of God's Word which teaches the record of Zarathustra.
The book's story centers around Chili Palmer, a small-time shylock based in Miami. Palmer is sent after Leo Devoe, who has scammed an airline out of $300,000 in life insurance. Leo had been aboard a plane whose flight was delayed, prompting Leo to disembark and go drinking in the airport bar.
The protagonist adds the middle name of "Zeta," a symbol which represents his Chicano and Mexican culture and roots. By traveling to his birthplace, the lost character discovers himself and learns lessons on the road as he reflects on his life. The story ends with the narrator arriving in Los Angeles, ready to become a revolutionary activist.
The Foundation series and the Spacer/Robot series seem originally to have been separate, though with some overlap of ideas. If the Galactic Empire is the far future, where have the robots gone? In Foundation's Edge Asimov begins to supply the answer, expanded in the other sequels and prequels.
In Edwardian era London, Gabriel Syme is recruited at Scotland Yard to a secret anti-anarchist police corps. Lucian Gregory, an anarchistic poet, lives in the suburb of Saffron Park. Syme meets him at a party and they debate the meaning of poetry.
Three men find an airplane crashed in a forest. The pilot is dead and the cockpit contains a gym bag with $4.4 million in one-hundred-dollar notes. They decide to keep the money, dividing it equally, but their plans go wrong when others come close to discovering their secret.
Private detective Philip Marlowe is investigating a dead-end case when he sees a felon, Moose Malloy, barging into a nightclub looking for his ex-girlfriend Velma Valento. Malloy ends up killing the manager and escaping. Due to the racism prevalent in Los Angeles at the time the murder of a black man is a low priority for the police and is given to a detective called Nulty who has a reputation for laziness and incompetence.
Philip Marlowe meets a drunk named Terry Lennox, a man with scars on one side of his face. They forge an uneasy friendship over the next few months. Everything changes when Lennox asks for a ride to the Tijuana airport. On his return to LA, it is revealed that Lennox's wife was found dead in her pool house, and that she had died before Lennox fled. He is arrested on suspicion of murder after refusing to co-operate with investigators.
Most of the book "takes place on the isle of Gramarye", and it chronicles the raising and educating of King Arthur. A final part called The Book of Merlyn was published separately following White's death. It chronicles Arthur's final lessons from Merlyn before his death. An often quoted passage from the book is the story that the badger calls his "dissertation"
In a fictionalized version of New York City's American Museum of Natural History, a few select characters must solve a string of brutal murders. Evidence begins to point suspiciously to a doomed expedition undertaken by the museum several years earlier to the Brazilian rainforest. It becomes apparent that behind the murders is Mbwun -the Kothoga's crazed lizard god, whose father happens to be a demon analogous to Satan.
Michael Henchard overindulges in rum-laced furmity and quarrels with his wife, Susan. Spurred by alcohol, he decides to auction off his wife and baby daughter, Elizabeth-Jane, to a sailor. The people in Casterbridge believe he is a widower, although he never explicitly says that his first wife died. Henchard pretends to court Susan, and marries her.
The novel is divided into three sections. In the first, the main character, Pi, reminisces about his childhood. Pi's family embark on a small Japanese boat to Canada carrying some of the animals from their zoo. A few days out of port the ship suddenly sinks. Pi ends up in a small lifeboat with a Bengal tiger named Richard Parker, a spotted hyena, an injured zebra, and an orangutan.
Malory's concern with legitimacy reflects the concerns of 15th century England. The Pentecostal Oath counterbalances a lack of moral centre exemplified in the fratricide in "The Tale of Balyn and Balan" The book still holds out for hope even while the questions of legitimacy and morality continue in the books to follow.
The book opens with detective Elijah Baley on Earth, training with his son and others to tolerate the outside. There, he is told that the Spacer world of Aurora has requested through The robot's inventor, Han Fastolfe, has been implicated. He has admitted that he is the only person with the skill to have done it, although he denies doing it.
Hercule Poirot and Captain Arthur Hastings are holidaying when they meet a young girl. She casually mentions that she has escaped certain death at least thrice. PoIROt suspects that somebody is out to get her, and his suspicions prove true. Despite PoiroT's best efforts, a murder does occur, but not of the intended victim.
Will Parry discovers an invisible window in mid air. It leads him to Cittàgazze, an apparently deserted city in another world. There, Will encounters 12-year-old Lyra Silvertongue and her Will and Lyra become allies. Lyra is looking for Scholars who know about Dust.
A boy by the name of Shasta is found as a baby and raised by Arsheesh, a Calormene fisherman. Shasta overhears a plan to escape from Calormen to prevent a forced marriage of Queen Susan with the Tisroc's son, Rabadash. The four set out across the desert, and a lion frightens the travellers into fleeing swiftly.
The abbot of a humble monastery in the Valley of Sorrows calls upon Master Li and Number Ten Ox to investigate the killing of a monk and the theft of a seemingly inconsequential manuscript. Suspicion soon lands on the infamous Laughing Prince Liu Sheng--who has been dead for about 750 years.
Mists of Avalon is a generations-spanning retelling of the Arthurian legend, but bringing it back to its Brythonic roots. Its protagonist is Morgaine, who witnesses the rise of Uther Pendragon to the throne of Camelot. As a child, she is taken to Avalon by High Priestess Viviane, her maternal aunt, to become a priestess.
Merlyn reappears to complete Arthur's education and discover the cause of wars. As he did in The Sword in the Stone, Merlyn again demonstrates ethics and politics to Arthur by transforming him into various animals. The last chapter of the book takes place only hours before the final battle between King Arthur and his son and nephew Mordred.
Doctor Faustus was written in the early 16th century. The play was written to challenge the Calvinist doctrine of absolute predestination. The theology of Marlowe and the text of Doctor Faustus remain far too ambiguous for any kind of conclusive interpretation. The anti-Calvinist view, however, finds such thinking repugnant, and prefers to interpret the play as a criticism of such doctrines.
The novel is based on the "Everhard Manuscript" written by Avis Everhard. In addition, this novel has an introduction and series of footnotes written from the perspective of scholar Anthony Meredith. Meredith writes from around 2600 AD or 419 B.O.M. The Manuscript itself covers the years 1912 through 1932 in which the Oligarchy arose in the United States.
Martin Eden struggles to rise above his destitute, proletarian circumstances through an intense and passionate pursuit of self-education. His principal motivation is his love for Ruth Morse. The novel ends with Eden committing suicide by drowning, which contributed to what researcher Clarice Stasz calls the "biographical myth" that Jack London's own death was a suicide.
The novel Valley of the Moon is a story of a working-class couple, Billy and Saxon Roberts, struggling laborers in Oakland at the Turn-of-the-Century. They left the city life behind and searched Central and Northern California for a suitable farmland to own. The book is notable for the scenes in which the proletarian hero enjoys fellowship with the artists' colony.
At Swim-Two-Birds presents itself as a first-person story by an unnamed Irish student of literature. The student believes that "one beginning and one ending for a book was a thing I did not agree with" In the autobiographical frame story, the student recounts details of his life. The stories that the student is writing soon become intertwined with each other.
In 2489 C.E. Terran spaceship Streaker discovers a derelict fleet of 50,000 spaceships the size of small moons in a shallow cluster. The captain's gig is sent to investigate but is destroyed along with one of the derelict craft - killing 10 crew members. Streaker manages to recover some artifacts from the destroyed derelict and one well-preserved alien body.
Set almost a decade after Rainbow Valley, Europe is on the brink of the First World War. Rilla's brother Walter, who is of age, does not enlist because he fears the ugliness of war and death. As the war drags on, Rilla matures, organizing the Junior Red Cross in her village.
The Pickwick Papers is a novel written for publication as a serial. The action is given as occurring 1827-8, though critics have noted some seeming anachronisms. Its main literary value and appeal is formed by its numerous memorable characters. Mr Pickwick, Sam Weller, and Weller Senior also appear in Dickens's serial, Master Humphrey's Clock.
The novel is set in the near future after the solar system has been surrounded by an impenetrable shield known as the Bubble. In the novel a physical process in the human brain is responsible for collapsing quantum wavefunctions representing systems into particular eigenstates. A rogue member of the Canon infects all of humanity with the software. As a result, causality is weakened all over the globe, and the untrained humans break down the fabric of reality.
Grenouille was born in Paris, France, July 17 of 1738. His mother gives birth to him while working at a fish stall. Grenouille has an extraordinary power to discern odors. He navigates the orphanage using only his nose, and barely uses his sight.
70 years after the events of Rendezvous with Rama, a second Raman vessel enters our solar system. An expedition is sent to unlock more of Rama's mysteries, but the crew are unprepared. Rama II and its sequels deconstruct Clarke's vision of human colonies throughout the solar system through a global economic crisis.
The story is set on Werel, the third planet of the Gamma Draconis system. The planet has an orbital period of 60 Earth years, and is approaching its correspondingly long winter. The main characters belong to one of two major groups: Wold and his daughter Rolery are members of the Tevarans, a tribe of humanoid extraterrestrial indigenous to the planet.
Fang Hung-chien was the son of a country gentleman. A marriage had been arranged for him while at university, but the intended wife died before he could see her. After completing a degree in Chinese literature, he went to Europe where he studied at several universities without pursuing a degree. After being pressured by his family, he bought a fake degree from an American Irishman.
Edmund, Lucy, and Eustace are drawn into the Narnian world through a picture of a ship at sea. The three children land in the ocean near the pictured vessel, the titular Dawn Treader, and are taken aboard. The Talking Mouse Reepicheep is also on board, as he hopes to find Aslan's Country beyond the seas of the "utter East"
Eustace Scrubb, introduced in The Voyage of the Dawn Treader, is driven into the company of classmate Jill Pole. The impetus is their need to find sanctuary from the gang of school bullies. Aslan appears and saves Eustace by blowing him to Narnia. He gives Jill four Signs to guide her on their quest. King Caspian sets off to search for Aslan or his son.
The novel takes place in two time periods: the first deals with the Binewski children's constant struggle against each other through life. The second story is set in the present and is centered on Oly's daughter, Miranda. Oly lives in the same rooming house as Miranda so she can "spy" on her.
The story starts as a man is found by a small community in a forest area in eastern North America. He is naked except for a gold ring on one finger, has no memory except of motor skills at a level equivalent to that of Falk. He encounters many obstacles to learning the truth about himself and Falk finally reaches Es Toch, where Estrel betrays him into the hands of the Shing.
The story takes place from 1825 to 1830, when Orsinia is ruled by the Austrian Empire. The hero is Itale Sorde, the son of the owner of an estate on a lake called Malafrena. Itale leaves the estate, against his father's will, to engage in nationalistic and revolutionary politics in the capital.
Allie Fox is a brilliant inventor with "nine patents, six pending" Allie has grown fed up with the American Dream and American consumerism, believing that Americans "buy Allie's boss complains that Allie is not tending to the asparagus, which is rotting. Allie, with the consent of the Belize government, purchases a small village called Jeronimo in the rainforest.
The novel opens with the Pontellier family vacationing on Grand Isle. At Grand Isle, Edna forms a connection with Robert Lebrun, a charming and earnest young man who actively seeks Edna's attention and affections. Robert senses the doomed nature of such a relationship, flees to Mexico under the guise of pursuing a nameless business venture.
The novel takes place in the utopian community of Blithedale, presumably in the mid-1800s. Main character, Miles Coverdale, embarks on a quest for betterment of the world. The story switches narrators when it becomes Zenobia telling a tale entitled The Silvery Veil.
The Silencer is based on the novel by the same name by David Walliams. It is the story of Jake and Anna, a couple who leave London for the US. Jake is amazed to discover that Jean-Pierre Breteuil's latest novel, Nous les Vainqueurs, has won the Prize Goncourt.
The story takes place in Taipei in the 1960s. A-Qing is expelled from his school because of "scandalous relations" with classmate Zhao Ying. He begins to hang out at a park called New Park, a gay cruising area and hangout for gay men.
The play is based on a story from Chaucer. Three queens come to plead with Theseus and Hippolyta, rulers of Athens, to avenge the deaths of their husbands at the hands of the tyrant Creon of Thebes. Theseus agrees to wage war on Creon. In Thebes, Palamon and Arcite, cousins and close friends, are bound by duty to fight for Creon, though they are appalled by his tyranny.
The protagonist Okonkwo is strong, hard-working, and strives to show no weakness. Although brusque with his three wives, children, and neighbours, he is wealthy, courageous, and powerful among the people of his village. He is selected by the elders to be the guardian of Ikemefuna, a boy taken prisoner by the village as a peace settlement.
The book argues that the collected wisdom of baseball insiders over the past century is subjective and often flawed. Moneyball traces the history of the sabermetric movement back to such people as Bill James and Craig R. Wright. Lewis explores the A's approach to the 2002 MLB Draft, when the team had a nearly unprecedented run of early picks.
The plot of Gone with the Wind revolves around a pampered Southern woman named Scarlett O'Hara, who lives through the American Civil War and Reconstruction. The Wind Done Gone is the same story, but told from the viewpoint of Cynara, a mulatto slave on Scarlett's plantation. The book consciously avoids using the names of Mitchell's characters or locations.
The plot follows Billy Budd, a seaman impressed into service aboard HMS Bellipotent in the year 1797. Billy, an illegitimate orphan, has an openness and natural charisma that makes him popular with the crew. For unexplained reasons, he arouses the antagonism of the ship's Master-at-arms, John Claggart, who falsely accuses Billy of conspiracy to mutiny.
Lady Dedlock had a lover, Captain Hawdon, before she married Sir Leicester &mdash; and had a child by him, Esther Summerson. Esther is raised by Miss Barbary, Lady Dedlock's spartan lawyer. John Jarndyce becomes Esther's guardian. Esther experiences her own romance when Dr. Woodcourt returns to England.
Jesse Aarons, the only boy in a family of five children, lives in rural southwest Virginia. Leslie Burke is an only child who moves from Arlington, Virginia, to the same area as Jesse. The two children create an imaginary kingdom in the woods near their homes, accessible only by a rope swing over a creek.
Frederick Altamont Cornwalis Twistleton, fifth Earl of Ickenham, known to all as Uncle Fred, is on the loose once again. Uncle Fred has just arrived at Ashenden Manor, home of Sir Aylmer Bostock, Pongo's future father-in-law. The story has also been adapted as a serial in six half-hour episodes for BBC Radio 4.
Las Noches de Diciembre is a novel about a terrorist cell led by newspaper columnist Skip Wiley. Wiley believes that the only way to save Florida's natural beauty from destruction is to violently dissuade tourists from visiting and/or settling in the state. Brian Keyes, a former news reporter for the Miami Sun, is hired by the Public Defender's office to help defend the prime suspect in Sparky Harper's murder.
The play is set in the Midwestern house of Lola and Doc Delaney. The title refers to Lola's missing dog, who remains lost at the play's end. The plot centers on how their life is disrupted by a boarder named Marie, a college student with a strong lustful appetite.
The plot focuses on a group of rebels attempting to overthrow both tyrants and win back their homeland. Many of the rebels are natives of the province of Tigana, which was the province that most ably resisted Brandin. The book is full of themes of identity, love, patriotism, revenge and magic.
The Red and the Black: A Chronicle of the 19th Century tells the story of Julien Sorel's life in a monarchic society of fixed social class. Book I presents the ambitious son of a carpenter in Paris. Book II chronicles the time leading to the July Revolution of 1830.
The plot of Pincher Martin surrounds the survival and psychophysical, spiritual and existential plight of one Christopher Hadley "Pincher" Martin. Martin is unconscious at the opening of the novel, but wakes in complete darkness, submerged, before nearly drowning after being thrown into the side of a rocky islet. The novel's twist ending suggests that Martin actually drowned shortly after his ship was sunk.
An alien consciousness is communicating with Matthew's mind. Chocky reveals that it is a scout sent from its home planet in search of new planets to colonise. In saving Matthew from a recent accident it has violated the rules of its scout mission and must end its link with him completely.
Freud claims that the 'purpose of life is simply the programme of the pleasure principle' In the sixth chapter, Freud reviews the development of his concept of libido. He concludes that there exists a genuine and irreducible aggressive drive within all human beings. civilization primarily exists to curb and restrain these impulses.
The action is set in the Hall of David Bliss' house at Cookham, Berkshire. Judith announces she has decided to return to the stage in one of her old hits, Love's Whirlwind. She and Sorel and Simon amuse themselves acting out a melodramatic passage from the play.
Elyot and Amanda have been divorced for the past five years. They are honeymooning in Deauville with their new and younger spouses. They argue violently and try to outwit each other, just as they had done during their stormy marriage. They seem to be trapped in a repeating cycle of love and hate.
Charles Condomine wishes to learn about the occult for a novel he is writing. He arranges for an eccentric medium, Madame Arcati, to hold a séance at his house. She inadvertently summons his first wife, who has been dead for seven years. Only Charles can see or hear Elvira, and his second wife, Ruth, does not believe that she exists.
Agnes Grey is the daughter of a minister, whose family comes to financial ruin. Desperate to earn money to care for herself, she takes a job as a governess to the children of the wealthy. In working with two different families, the Bloomfields and the Murrays, she comes to learn about the troubles that face a young woman.
The premise involves the married men of the fictional town of Stepford, Connecticut, and their fawning, submissive, impossibly beautiful wives. The protagonist is Joanna Eberhart, a talented photographer newly arrived from New York City with her husband and children, eager to start a new life. As time goes on, she becomes increasingly disturbed by the zombie-like,Submissive Stepford wives.
David Lovatt meets Harriet at a work function, they both immediately fall in love. The couple both intend on having many children, a wish frowned upon by the rest of the family. The two have four children, two boys and two girls, and their house becomes a center of joy for not only them but for all their relatives and friends who come and visit.
The novel begins with the text of a letter dated July, 1855 from the Crimean War front of Sevastopol. The writer, Hedley Vicars, tells from his perspective as a soldier in the 90 Light Infantry. The possibilities of an early 20th century cold war are dwelt on by the narrator throughout the book.
Han Tzu meets up with Mazer Rackham, who passes him a blow dart pen, calling it the "Mandate of Heaven" Shortly afterwards, Han Tzu kills the emperor, Snow Tiger, overthrows the Chinese government. The rest of the book deals with Peter Wiggin working to create a world government free of war through his Free People of Earth alliance.
Gilda is an interior designer who lives with the painter Otto, who was previously attached to Leo, an author. She is visited by Ernest Friedman, an art dealer and friend of all three. He is excited about his newly acquired Matisse and wants to show it to Otto. Gilda says that Otto is in bed, ill, and cannot be disturbed. Ernest prudently takes his leave.
Bird's son, like Le's, was born with a brain hernia. At the end of the novel this is revealed to be a false diagnosis of a benign tumor. Bird tries to escape his responsibility for the child and his crumbling relationship with his wife &ndash; turning to alcohol and an old girlfriend.
9,000 years ago an alien society in the Alpha Centauri system was under threat of cosmic bombardment. Their only hope to survive was to explore and colonise nearby space. On 21st century Earth, astronauts find artifacts left by this civilisation and wonder who they were. The narrator is a historian who is part of a mission to theAlpha Centauri system, the home system of the aliens.
Grieban tries to link the ethical nature of the Nazi movement to the American Civil War by saying the comparisons are undeniable. Grieban may be looked at as the epitome of one fighting for the cause, but he himself fails to live up to his own high ideals of racial purity.
Biron Farrill, about to complete studies at the University of Earth, is told by Sander Jonti that his father, a rich planetary leader known as Lord Rancher of Widemos, has been arrested and killed by the Tyranni. Escaping with Artemisia oth Hinriad, the daughter of the Director of Rhodia and his brother Gillbret in a Tyranni spaceship, they travel to the planet Lingane. There, they meet the Autarch of Lingane who seems to possess knowledge of a rebellion world.
The novel opens with the family in the hold of a sailing ship, weathering a great storm. The ship runs aground on a reef, and the family learns the ship's crew has taken to a lifeboat and abandoned them. The family builds a raft, lashes livestock and the most valuable supplies to it, and paddles to the island, where they set up a temporary shelter.
The novel is set in Ashiya, an affluent suburb between Osaka and Kobe. The Makiokas are an upper-middle-class family from Osaka, Japan. The novel's title, , means lightly falling snow and is also used in classical Japanese poetry. Falling cherry blossoms are a common symbol of impermanence.
This was Pynchon's first published story. The film is about two English spies, named Porpentine and Goodfellow, sitting in a cafe in Upper Egypt. The timeline gets flipped here and, after the Junta had successfully completed a few of their practical jokes, talk about Carl Barrington's family moving into the neighborhood.
This story alternates between the point of view of Terpsichore Melpomene Murray , an ecoprospector who's approaching adulthood on Mars and seeks to follow in her father's footsteps. Several decades earlier, refugees from Earth fled to join a pre-existing human colony on Mars to escape the domination of One True.
The 1938 "retirement game" of Honinbo Shksai, against the up-and-coming player Minoru Kitani. It was the last game of the master's career, a lengthy struggle which took almost six months to complete. He narrowly lost to his younger challenger, to die a little over a year thereafter.
The narrator, Aleksandr Petrovich Goryanchikov, has been sentenced to penalty deportation to Siberia and ten years of hard labour. Dostoyevsky portrays the inmates of the prison with sympathy for their plight, and also expresses admiration for their energy, ingenuity and talent.
The book begins during the construction of Redwall Abbey, when a roving hedgehog named Trimp visits the abbey and sings a song to help the workers lifting a beam. Martin the Warrior recognizes his father, Luke the Warrior, mentioned in the lyrics and asks Trimp more about him. He decides to go on a quest to learn more about his father. The plot then flashes back to Martin's birth to Luke and Sayna.
Joseph marries a school-teacher from Monterey named Elizabeth. For a time, the farm prospers, and Elizabeth bears a child. Joseph's brother, Burton, a devout Christian, becomes increasingly concerned with Joseph's late night 'talks' with the tree. The farm is then the site of a New Year's fiesta, and Burton decides to leave the farm.
The novel revolves around three boys who grow up as friends in Boston. When the story opens, we see Dave abducted by child molesters while he, Sean, and Jimmy are horsing around. The book then moves forward 25 years: Sean has become a homicide detective, Jimmy is an ex-convict who currently owns a convenience store, and Dave is a shell of a man.
The book was praised for its erudition, flair, down-home wit, and the accuracy of its descriptions of life away from civilization. It may have been the inspiration for Dave Foreman's and Mike Roselle's creation of Earth First!, a direct action environmental organization that often advocates much of the minor vandalism depicted in the book.
The novel describes, in great detail, the downfall of the Ximen household during the years 1111-27. The story centres on Ximen Qing , a corrupt social climber and lustful merchant. In the course of the novel, Ximen has 19 sexual partners, including his 6 wives and mistresses. There are 72 detailed sexual episodes.
"It takes a magician to catch one," says author Ross Harte. All the suspects are accustomed to producing the impossible. After a number of breakneck chases from one scene to the next, Merlini and his assistant are a couple of steps ahead of the police. The penultimate scene in which the murderer is revealed is enlivened by one of the suspects.
The book is written in long paragraphs with extended sentences. The general's thoughts are relayed to the reader through winding sentences. One of the book's most striking aspects is its focus on the God-like status held by the protagonist and the unfathomable awe and respect with which his people regard him.
In a parallel universe, England and Imperial Russia have fought the Crimean War for more than a century; England itself is a police state run by the Goliath Corporation. The book's fictional version of Jane Eyre ends with Jane accompanying her cousin, St. John Rivers, to India in order to help him with his missionary work.
In I Am a Cat, a supercilious, feline narrator describes the lives of an assortment of middle class Japanese people. Mr. Sneaze and family, Sneaze's garrulous and irritating friend Waverhouse , and the young scholar Avalon Coldmoon all feature.
Frank Ryan is an almost honest used car salesman. After deliberately not testifying against car thief Ernest "Stick" Stickley, Jr., thinks of a foolproof plan for them to perform armed robberies. The plan is about simple everyday armed robbery. For awhile, Frank and Stick are able to follow the rules and the plan and they are extremely successful. But, inevitably, the rules start falling by the wayside.
The novel is written largely from the point of view of the narrator. Strickland is a well-off, middle-class stockbroker in London sometime in the late 19th or early 20th century. He leaves his wife and children and goes to Paris, living a destitute but defiantly content life as an artist.
"Against Interpretation" is Sontag's seminal essay within Against Interpretation and Other Essays. She discusses the divisions between two different kinds of art criticism and theory: that of formalist interpretation, and that of content-based interpretation. The modern style of interpretation has lost sensitivity and rather strives to excavate...destroy a piece of art.
Eve Owens invites her cousin Meredith Mitchell to her daughter Sara's wedding. But shortly after Mitchell's arrival one of Eve Owens's neighbours, a young artist called Philip Lorrimer, is found dead in his cottage-poisoned. In the end it turns out that Eve Owens, her daughter but also one of the guests staying at Owens's house are not as innocent as they seemed at the beginning.
Poet, lapsed Catholic and conscientious objector Louis Sacchetti is sent to a secret military installation called Camp Archimedes. Military prisoners are injected with a form of syphilis intended to make them geniuses. After a test run on the prisoners, a megalomaniac nuclear physicist has himself injected with the disease and sets about trying to end the human race. The novel's ending may owe something to the episode "Do Not Forsake Me Oh My Darling" from the television series The Prisoner.
The play is about a couple from London who have invited another couple, the Martins, over for a visit. The two families engage in meaningless banter, telling stories and relating nonsensical poems. It ends with the two couples shouting in unison "It's not that way. It's over here!"
Gerald Howson is a physically deformed youth with greater telepathic power than has ever been seen before. After a riot in a near-future England where telepathy has been discovered, the authorities discover Howson. The novel details Howson's struggles to come to grips with his power and his deformity.
The novel expresses Brunner in a lighter mode than other novels of the period such as Stand on Zanzibar and The Sheep Look Up. The original cover copy said, "He summoned the monsters of the past to help him rule the world" Actually, protagonist Harold Freitas III is merely looking for a publicity triumph.
Yates and Simpson attempted a first-ascent of the previously unclimbed West Face of Siula Grande in alpine style. Yates inadvertently lowered Simpson off a cliff. Simpson survived the 150-foot fall despite his broken leg, and had landed on a small ledge inside the crevasse. When Simpson regained consciousness, he discovered that the rope had been cut.
A. Clarence Shandon is washed ashore in a fictional land known as "The Commonwealth of Letters" He is befriended by Golias, who nicknames him "Silverlock" and who becomes his guide. Silverlock and Golias encounter figures from history, literature and mythology.
A young girl named Matilda Wormwood is gifted with precocity but her wealthy, dimwitted parents are oblivious to their daughter's prodigous skills. Eventually, Matilda begins schooling and encounters a loving, sweet schoolteacher named Miss Jennifer "Jenny" Honey. Matilda develops a particularly strong bond with Miss Honey over time after a classmate's practical joke on the headmistress leads Matilda to discover her secret telekinetic powers.
The story is told from the perspective of Andrew , an NDR-series robot owned by the Martin family. In the twenty-first century the creation of the positronic brain leads to the development of robot laborers. Andrew seeks legal protection stemming from his initial creative output and eventual full recognition as a human.
The plot of this veritable epic is set in 1555, on a small island in the Guanabara Bay of Rio de Janeiro. The French pioneers see their dreams of colonisation gradually dissipate. Both satirical and colourful, Rouge Brésil is above all a passionate and exciting exploration of the origins of imperialist thinking.
The anti-hero of the story, Theodore Honey, is engaged in research on the fatigue of aluminium airframes. Honey has predicted, by a theory supposedly related to quantum mechanics, that it is possible for an alloy structure to fail. Honey is sent to Canada to examine the debris of the crash, travelling on board a Reindeer aircraft. He meets the two heroines of the novel, Corder and Teasdale.
The book is largely based on Kiyosaki's upbringing and education in Hawaii. The book highlights the different attitudes to money work and life of two men. Among some of the book's topics are: The difference between assets and liabilities. The value of financial intelligence and financial literacy.
The story takes place in the backdrop of Trantor's rise from a large regional power to a galaxy-wide empire, unifying millions of worlds. The independent planet Sark exploits the planet Florina and derives its great wealth from "kyrt", a versatile and fluorescent fiber that can only be grown on Florina. The relationship between the two planets is analogous to the situation between European imperial powers and their colonies during the 19th century.
Much of the novel's action revolves around advanced sentient simulations of Joan of Arc and Voltaire. The sims have been recreated by Artifice Associates, a research company located in Trantor's Dahl Sector. The novel ends with Seldon accepting his position as Emperor Cleon's First Minister.
The novel is the second part of The Second Foundation Trilogy. It takes place almost entirely in the same time frame as "The Psychohistorians" The novel portrays the rise of mentallics such as Wanda Seldon and Stettin Palver. Twisted rogue mentallic Vara Liso foreshadows the mutant Magnifico's spectacular rise.
Foundation's Triumph is a science fiction novel written by Hari Seldon. The main character is Dors Venabili, a robot whose Three Laws of Robotics have been erased. All chapters with R. Daneel Olivaw as the main character are written in a different typeface. Seldon predicts that the second Galactic Empire will include both the two Foundations and Galaxia.
The play takes place on a country estate owned by Sorin, a retired senior civil servant in failing health. He is the brother of the famous actress Arkadina, who has just arrived at the estate with her lover, the writer Trigorin. Konstantin is in love with Nina, who does not return his feelings.
This series deals with a new type of robots who do not have the Three Laws of Robotics. Caliban, the robot of the title, is an experimental gravitonic robot who was created with no laws at all. The intent was to keep him under carefully controlled laboratory conditions and see what laws he evolved for himself.
This series deals with a new type of robots who do not have the Three Laws of Robotics. The Three Laws are integral to the functioning of a positronic brain, but these robots have gravitonic brains, into which it is possible to build any set of laws. In this, they are assisted by a massive underground "rustbacking" industry precipitated by a perceived shortage of robotic labor.
Utopia takes place five years into the reign of Alvar Kresh as the governor of Inferno, who is now married to roboticist Fredda Leving. The plot centers around a plan created by an Infernal named Davlo Lentrall to use a comet, named comet Grieg after the old governor, to dig a channel creating a northern sea.
The Feast of the Goat is a novel by Vargas Llosa. It is set in the Dominican Republic during the rule of Rafael Leónidas Trujillo Molina. The novel is divided into three distinct storylines. One is centred on Urania Cabral, a fictional Dominican character. Another deals with the conspirators involved in TruJillo's assassination; and the third focuses on Trujillismo himself.
Thursday Next is happily married to Landen Parke-Laine and working as a literary detective out of Swindon. An original manuscript of Shakespeare's lost play Cardenio is discovered. Thursday finds Aornis Hades, Acheron Hades' sister who wants revenge on Thursday for her death in The Eyre Affair.
Lieutenant Thomas Glahn, a hunter and ex-military man, lives alone in a hut in the forest with his faithful dog Aesop. Upon meeting Edvarda, the daughter of a merchant in a nearby town, they are both strongly attracted to each other, but neither understands the other's love. Glahn has a series of tragedies befall him before he leaves forever.
This chapter contains the first of several occasions when the word slut is applied to a man, presumably as an insult. Grignr is on his way to Gorzom in search of wenches and plunder. A drunken guard challenges him over the woman; he kills the guard, but is arrested by the man's companions and brought before the local
The novel is an example of a bildungsroman, following the life of a distinguished member of the Castalian Order. The Glass Bead Game takes place at an unspecified date, centuries into the future. The stories are presented as exercises by Knecht imagining his life had he been born in another time and place.
The novel takes place in a future society in which most post-medieval technology has been rejected, and a Triple Goddess religion is followed. The book is narrated by a mid-20th century poet, Edward Venn-Thomas, who is transported forward in time by the New Cretans. Society is organized into five "estates" or social groups: captains, recorders , commons , servants, and magicians or poets.
The book begins with contractors arriving at Arthur Dent's house, in order to demolish it to make way for a bypass. His friend, Ford Prefect, arrives while Arthur is lying in front of the bulldozers, to keep them from demolishing it. He tries to explain to Arthur that the Earth is about to be demolished by the Vogons, an alien race. The two escape by hitching a lift on one of the Vogon demolition ships. This is, however, against Vogon regulations, and when the pair are discovered, they are tortured with hearing Vogon poetry. They are, very improbably, picked up by the Heart of Gold, a ship powered by an infinite improbability drive.
The Satanic Verses consists of a frame narrative, using elements of magical realism, interlaced with a series of sub-plots that are narrated as dream visions. The frame narrative involves Indian expatriates in contemporary England. The two protagonists, Gibreel Farishta and Saladin Chamcha, are both actors of Indian Muslim background.
The novel takes place in a dismal future America, the Communal North American Citizen's Republic. The protagonist, Joe Fernwright, is a pot-healer, one who can perfectly restore pottery to brand new condition. Joe finds meaning when he is summoned to "Plowman's Planet"/Sirius Five by a mysterious highly evolved alien, Glimmung.
Nike Mercurys is about a man who kills people who try to buy them. Readers are also introduced to Billy NRA, an athletic man who gets in over his head, and Buy Mitsui, a former French stockbroker. Also involved is Hack's unemployed girlfriend, Violet, who engineers a dangerous computer virus.
Seymour Levov is the son of a successful Jewish-American glove manufacturer. His teenage daughter Merry, born with an emotionally debilitating stutter, becomes more radical in her beliefs and in 1968 commits an act of political terrorism. Seymour concludes that all the members of the party have a veneer of respectability, yet each participates in subversive behavior.
The story is told in the first person by Jonah Scott, a British pilot for the fictional airline Air Britain. The taxi that Jonah and Senior Flight Attendant Kate Monahan take to the airline's NYC apartment is powered by methane generated from chicken droppings. Kate is a lovely redhead, and Jonah is a "red-blooded male," and the book is full of Jonah's thoughts on the subject regarding Kate's lovely figure.
The story follows the journey of Sally Beth Roe as she tries to escape her past and slowly overcomes her constant struggle to discern the Truth. Also told is the story of another small town, similar to that of This Present Darkness and called Bacon's Corner, and a resident named Tom Harris. As the story unfolds, the lawsuit and its participants are soon locked in a struggle of ethics versus non-ethics.
Chomsky argues that western criticism of foreign human rights abuses is politically motivated. He argues that the U.S. only use the term to refer to the actions of their enemies, and never to their own actions. He highlights the public outcry at the killing of Leon Klinghoffer.
Joseph Rouletabille is thrust into the investigation of the insoluble crime that would soon electrify all of France. Miss Stangerson is found alone and severely injured, moments after being violently attacked in a locked room at the Chateau. There are in fact no fewer than THREE apparently impossible vanishings by the assailant, each with a different, quite ingenious, explanation.
Members of a large and widespread Scottish family are brought together at a highland castle in order to resolve various pieces of family business following a death. Suspicious events soon begin to occur, the body count rises, and a verdict of suicide is not necessarily to be trusted. Enter the gargantuan Doctor Gideon Fell, who applies his substantial powers of deduction.
The first dynasty, the Gearys, are a glamorous and rich family. The book examines them through the eyes of the young woman who marries Mitchell Geary, the scion of the clan. It also examines the beginnings of the family's power and its links to the Barbarossa clan.
 Fleming structured the novel in three sections-"Me", "Them" and "Him" to describe the phases of the story. ;Me Vivienne "Viv" Michel, a young Canadian woman narrates her own story, detailing her past love affairs. ;Them Two mobsters, "Sluggsy" Morant and Sol "Horror" Horowitz, arrive and say they are there to look over the motel for insurance purposes. The two have been hired by Sanguinetti to burn down the motel to make a profit.
The novel is essentially the story of Gervaise Macquart, who was featured briefly in the first novel in the series, La Fortune des Rougon. She runs away to Paris with her shiftless lover Lantier to work as a washerwoman in a hot, busy laundry in one of the seedier areas of the city. The couple's happiness appears to be complete with the birth of a daughter, Anna.
Svengali hypnotizes Trilby and transforms her into a diva, la Svengali. Under his spell she becomes a talented singer, performing always in an amnesiac trance. At a performance in London he is stricken with a heart attack and is unable to induce the trance. Not having been hypnotized, she is baffled and cannot remember anything of her singing career.
The novel's protagonist, Aiah, is a minor functionary for the Plasm Authority in the metropolis of Jaspeer. Aiah is one of the Barkazi, an ethnic group whose metropolis, Barkazil, was engulfed by civil war several generations ago. She discovers a previously unknown plasm well of tremendous power.
Frank is a hedonist who has spent his life in a selfish, single-minded pursuit of the ultimate sensual experience. Frank hears rumors of Lament Configuration, a puzzle box that is said to act as a portal to an extradimensional realm of carnal pleasure. Frank obtains the box by performing "small favors" and returns with it to his grandmother's home in England.
The Psammead is a sand-fairy who has the ability to grant wishes. He persuades the children to take one wish per day, with the caveat that the wishes will turn to stone at sundown. However, when the children's first wish-to be "as beautiful as the day"-ends at sund sundown, it simply vanishes.
In 1945, Anne Welles moves to New York City from Lawrenceville, Massachusetts. She finds employment with a talent agency representing the Broadway musical Hit the Sky. She meets Neely O'Hara, a vaudeville star Jennifer begins a relationship with nightclub singer Tony Polar. She believes his childish behavior is caused by his overprotective half-sister and manager Miriam.
Stark argues that, contrary to popular belief, Christianity was a movement, not of the lower classes and the oppressed, but of the upper and middle classes in the cities and of Hellenized Jews. Stark also discusses the exponential nature of the growth of religion, and why hence the speed of Christianity is not as miraculous as might be thought.
The play tells the story of the revenge of a woman betrayed by her husband. All of the action of the play is at Corinth, where Jason has brought Medea after the adventures of the Golden Fleece. He has now left her in order to marry Glauce, the daughter of King Creon.
The Frogs tells the story of the god Dionysus, who travels to Hades to bring the playwright Euripides back from the dead. He brings along his slave Xanthias, who is smarter and braver than Dion. The two playwrights take turns quoting verses from their plays. Aeschylus mocks Euripide's verse as predictable and formulaic.
Three down-on-their-luck characters-Loretta, Maureen and Jules-who are attempting to reach normality and the American dream through marriage and money. The story begins with Loretta Botsford and her brother Brock as teenagers, living in a "fair-sized city on a midwestern canal", in the 1930s.
In 2061, at the age of 103, Floyd is chosen as one of several "celebrity guests" to come aboard the privately owned spaceliner Universe. The black population of South Africa has rebelled in the 2030s and formed the United States of Southern Africa. Large-scale interplanetary travel is now commercially viable with muon-catalyzed fusion-powered spacecraft.
This novel begins with a brief prologue describing the aliens who created the black monoliths. The extraterrestrials visited Earth and performed experiments on many species to encourage the development of intelligence. After visiting the Earth, the aliens continued to evolve, eventually becoming noncorporeal Frank Poole was killed by the HAL-9000 computer in 2001: A Space Odyssey. One thousand years later, Poole's freeze-dried body is discovered out in the Kuiper belt
The book picks up the story immediately after the end of The Garden of Rama. The book follows the story of Nicole Wakefield and her escape from imprisonment left at the cliffhanger of the previous book. As the human colony continues to degenerate with respect to living conditions and human rights, the members of Nicole's family escape to "New York"
The story is told in first-person perspective by a geologist at Miskatonic University. He writes to disclose hitherto unknown and closely kept secrets in the hope that he can deter a planned scientific expedition to Antarctica. Dyer and the rest of his colleagues travel to their last known location to investigate. They find six star-shaped snow mounds, and one specimen buried under each.
The story begins with Agnes Nitt leaving Lancre to seek a career at the Opera House in Ankh-Morpork. The Opera House Ghost, who has long haunted the opera house without much incident, begins to commit seemingly random murders staged as "accidents" The witches investigate the mystery, with Granny posing as a rich patron, and Nanny insinuating herself into the Opera house staff. It is finally revealed that two people had been masquerading as the ghost. The original ghost, Walter Plinge, was being psychologically manipulated by the second ghost.
In the world of Footfall, the U.S.R. is still a major world superpower, and has a greater presence in space than the United States. The Fithp resemble man-sized, quadrupedal elephants with multiple trunks. They possess more advanced technology than humans, but have developed none of it themselves. The aliens are intent on taking over the Earth.
Gold-Eye was born near the time of the Change. He was physically affected by the Change radiation and his eyes, including his pupils, are a bright golden color. He is unusual in that he managed to escape and elude Gold-Eye joins Shade's Children, and is soon sent off on his first mission with the team that saved him.
The story centers on Sherman McCoy, a wealthy New York City bond trader with a wife and young daughter. His life as a self-regarded "Master of The Universe" on Wall Street is destroyed when he and his mistress, Maria Ruskin, accidentally enter the Bronx at night.
Osic is a morphogenic pharmacologist who tended in a booth in a feria in Gatun city, Panama. He is approached by a stranger, the woman Tamara Marian de la Garza, who requires him to regrow her right hand. It transpires that she is on the run from powerful political forces, the assassins of which attempt to kill her and Osic. He flees from the Earth with Tamara who is in an incapacitated state. On board the orbital shuttle, he attempts to get employment with a Japanese company, Motoki Corporation, as a Pharmacologist. Instead he is offered to fight as a mercenary for Motoki, who are attempting to gain control of the planet Baker.
A British meteorological station built on an ice floe in the Arctic Sea has suffered a catastrophic oil fire. The survivors are holed up in one hut with little food and heat. If help does not reach them quickly, they will Dr. Carpenter claims that he is necessary as an expert in dealing with frostbite and other deep-cold medical conditions.
The novel Saturday Night and Sunday Morning is split into two unequal parts. The bulk of the book, Saturday Night, and the much smaller second part, Sunday Morning. Saturday Night Saturday Night begins in a working man's club in Nottingham. Arthur keeps his mind occupied through a mental collage of imagined fantasies, and memories of the past.
Inferno is based upon the hell described in Dante's Inferno. However, it adds a modern twist to the story. The story is told in the first person by Allen Carpentier, an agnostic science fiction writer. He is only released, after many decades, from a Djinn-bottle in the Vestibule on the outer edge to Hell.
The author has traveled the world engaged in a variety of businesses, most related to the theater or politics. He became rich working for the Viceroy. One day, he discovers a twelve-year-old café singer, Micael. Uncle Pio and Jaime are the fourth and fifth people on the bridge to Lima when it collapses.
Roger and Alison are stepbrother and sister. Alison's father died and her mother Margaret has married Clive. Clive's former wife was notoriously unfaithful, bringing shame to the family. Huw Halfbacon, also known as Hugh the Flitch, is the last of the original domestic staff to remain.
Bonsels' original book contains fewer than 200 pages. The storyline is centered on the relation of Maya and her many adventures. The original book from 1912 was a fable with a political message, analogously to Jean de La Fontaine's or Ivan Krylov's work.
Baudolino is a young man of Alessandria, protagonist, apparently a reference to the patron saint. He meets eunuchs, unicorns, Blemmyes, skiapods and pygmies. At one point, he falls in love with a female satyr-like creature who recounts to him the full Gnostic creation myth.
Tintin has a vivid dream that his young Chinese friend Chang Chong-Chen is terribly hurt and calling for help from the ruins of a plane crash. Tintin sets off with Snowy to try to trace Chang's steps. Along the way, they discover footprints in the snow that Tharkey claims belong to the yeti.
A Neanderthal child is brought to the present day as a result of time travel experiments by a research organization, Stasis Inc. He cannot be removed from his immediate area because of the vast energy loss and time paradoxes that would result. To take care of him, Edith Fellowes, a children's nurse, is engaged.
Colonel John Patterson is to build a bridge in East Africa. While he is working on this, two man-eating lions show up. In the course of hunting these lions, Patterson encounters a red spitting cobra, a rhinoceros, a hippopotamus, a pack of wild dogs, and a wildebeest that faked dying.
The story revolves around Vandiyathevan, a charming,brave and a brilliant young man. After Arinjaya's death, his son Parantaka II, was coronated. He had two sons, Aditya Karikalan and daughter Kundavai and the younger son Arulmozhivarman.
The Village of Hommlet is a module in the World of Greyhawk D&D campaign setting. The module is recommended for first-level characters, who begin the adventure "weary, weak, and practically void of money" In The Temple of Elemental Evil, the characters work their way through the immense dungeons beneath the Temple, thereby gaining experience.
Bryson and his old friend Stephen Katz start hiking the trail from the state of Georgia in the south. After hiking for what seemed to him a large distance, they realize they have still barely begun while in Gatlinburg, Tennessee. The book recounts Bryson's desire to seek easier terrain as well as "a powerful urge not to be this far south any longer"
The novel takes the form of a letter from a young woman named Anna Blume. Anna has ventured into an unnamed city that has collapsed into chaos and disorder. She meets a rabbi, leading a small group of Jewish inhabitants of the city. Anna reveals that she too is a Jew, but no longer believes in.
Pin is an orphaned cobbler's apprentice in a town on the Ligurian coast. After stealing a pistol from a Nazi sailor, Pin searches for an identity. The title refers to Pin's secret hiding place, which he touts as a prize to any adults who win his trust.
Angelica, daughter of the king of Cataio, comes to Charlemagne's court for a tournament in which both Christians and pagans can participate. She offers herself as a prize to whoever will defeat her brother, Argalia, who in the consequent fighting imprisons many Christians. But then Ferraguto kills Argalia and Angelica flees, chased by many paladins, especially Orlando and Rinaldo.
The closing words of the story are the narrator's resigned and pained sigh: "Ah! Bartleby! Ah! Ah!" The story is about a Manhattan lawyer who hires a forlorn-looking scrivener to copy legal documents by hand. The narrator makes several attempts to reason with him and to learn something about him, but he offers nothing but "I would prefer not to"
Canopus, a benevolent galactic empire centred at Canopus in the constellation Argo Navis, colonise a young and promising planet they name Rohanda. For many millennia the Natives of Rohanda prosper in a Canopean induced climate of peaceful coexistence and accelerated development. Then an unforeseen "cosmic re-alignment" puts Rohanda out of phase with Canopus which causes the Lock to break. The Shammat exploit this disturbance and begin undermining Canopus's influence.
Expedition to the Barrier Peaks is a 32-page adventure guide for the World of Greyhawk campaign setting. Players must find colored access cards to advance to the next story arc. The adventure is divided into six sections: the crew's quarters, the lounge area, the gardens and menagerie, and the activity deck.
The story is told in first person by Julius, whose old college buddy Dan used to be one of the most popular people in the country. Dan, who has hit rock bottom and lost all his Whuffie, doesn't believe in rejuvenation and wishes to die, but not while he's at rock bottom. He moves in with Julius and Lil in order to rebuild his life.
The main character of the book is a little girl who loves pumpkins. The illustrations show her and her mother traveling by car to a pumpkin patch, picking out a pumpkin, and then returning home. Along the way, they see a number of strange sights, including Frankenstein and his pet purple alligator.
"National Velvet" is the story of a 14-year-old girl named Velvet Brown, who rides her horse to victory in the Grand National steeplechase. Velvet wins, but slides off after the winning-post due to exhaustion, and her sex is discovered in the first-aid station. Velvet strongly objects to the publicity, saying The Piebald is a creature of glory who shouldn't be cheapened in tabloid trash.
I Never Promised You a Rose Garden is a semi-autobiographical account of a teenage girl's three-year battle with schizophrenia. Deborah Blau, bright and artistically talented, has created a make-believe world, the Kingdom of Yr, as a form of defense from a confusing, frightening reality. The novel presents the issue of mental illness from multiple viewpoints.
In 1973, during the Yom Kippur War, the Israeli leadership opts for a tactical nuclear strike but changes the decision at the last minute. In 1991, an unarmed Palestinian protester is killed by an Israeli police official, coincidentally the brother of the downed Israeli pilot. The United States finds itself unable to diplomatically defend Israel, yet knows it cannot withdraw its support without risk of destabilizing the Middle East.
He, She and It is situated in North America in the near future of the year 2059. At that time, the economic and political power is held by few multis. The main part of the population lives in the glop outside of the multis' enclaves within an environment that has mainly been destroyed.
Harvey's work introduces into biology the doctrine of the complete circulation of the blood. He looked upon the heart, not as a mystical seat of the spirit and faculties, but as a pump analyzable along mechanical lines. With 72 heart beats per minute, the heart throws into the system 540 pounds of blood every hour. The blood thus makes a complete closed circuit.
The book takes a cynical look at American foreign policy over the ages. Smaller stories in the book satirize social and pop-cultural trends of their respective eras. Since the book was written before the year 2000, its prediction for that year satirized Y2K and religious prophecies.
Tintin and his dog Snowy are sent on an assignment to the Soviet Union. Tintin's train is blown up en route to Moscow by an agent of the Soviet secret police, the OGPU. He is pursued and arrested, before being threatened with torture. Escaping his captors, he reaches Moscow, which has been turned into "a stinking slum"
Ashe Marson is a young writer employed by the Mammoth Publishing Company. Freddie Threepwood, the younger son of the 9th Earl of Emsworth, is engaged to be married. Aline Peters has lunch with her old friend George Emerson, a Hong Kong police officer who wishes to marry her. Mr Peters discovers the disappearance of his scarab, and suspects the Earl.
Wormhole technology is first used to send digital information via gamma rays, then developed further to transmit light waves. A logical development from the laws of space-time allows light waves to be detected from the past. This enhances the wormhole technology into a "time viewer" where anyone opening a wormhole can view people and events from any point throughout time and space. When the technology is released to the general public, it effectively destroys all secrecy and privacy.
New York City secretary Leona Samish arrives in Venice, where she is staying at the Pensione Fioria. There she meets Americans Eddie and Jennifer Yeager, who are living in Rome and have come to Venice for a vacation. While shopping, Leona sees a ruby glass goblet in a store window and goes inside to inspect it. The owner tells her it is an authentic 18th century piece, not a reproduction.
Quinn Tribe inhabits the "in tuft" of Dalton-Quinn tree. They normally subsist on the tree's cottony foliage, augmented by hunting and a flock of domesticated turkeys. But ever since the tree passed near Gold six earth years ago it has been falling in toward Voy, nearly dropping out of the Smoke Ring. The tribe's leader, the Chairman, sends a party of nine up the tree, ostensibly to hunt and re-cut tribal markings into the trunk.
Newland Archer, heir to one of New York City's best families, is happily anticipating a highly desirable marriage to the sheltered and beautiful May Welland. He finds reason to doubt his choice of bride after the appearance of Countess Ellen Olenska, May's exotic, beautiful thirty-year-old cousin. Ellen has returned to New York after scandalously separating herself from a bad marriage.
Sienkiewicz researched memoirs and chronicles of the Polish nobility, or the szlachta. Despite some deviations, the book's historical framework is genuine and the fictional story is woven into real events. Many characters are historical figures, including Jeremi Winiowiecki and Bohdan Khmelnytsky.
After leaving her school, Sabriel crosses the Wall, using papers given to her by her father. After entering Death to obtain guidance from a projection of her dead mother, she narrowly avoids a fatal altercation with a Dead creature. She is able to outrun the creature and reach the safety of Abhorsen's House, which is located on an island in the center of the river.
At the end of The Subtle Knife, Marisa Coulter captured Lyra. She has now relocated her to a remote cave to hide her from the Magisterium. While deeply asleep, Lyra dreams that she is in a wasteland talking Will and Baruch are attacked by a soldier of the archangel Metatron. Will uses the knife to cut a window into another world to escape.
The Tao of Pooh is a new book about Winnie-the-Pooh and other characters from A. A. Milne's stories. The book also incorporates translated excerpts from various prominent Taoist texts, from authors such as Laozi and Zhuangzi. The author uses many of the characters to symbolize ideas that differ from or accentuate Taoist tenets.
The dialogue begins with an unnamed friend of Socrates asking him how his pursuit of the young Alcibiades was proceeding. Protagoras does not deny being a Sophist, and claims that it is an ancient and honorable art, the same art practiced by Homer and Hesiod. Socrates expresses the same admiration for Prodicus in another dialogue, the Theaetetus.
Hugo Carmody, secretary to Lord Emsworth, is having an affair with Millicent Threepwood. Lady Constance is worried that a book of memoirs her brother Galahad is working on will bring shame to the family. Ronnie Fish is secretly engaged to Sue Brown, a chorus girl and an old friend of Hugo. Sue heads to Blandings, posing as Myra Schoonmaker.
The novel is set about two thousand years after a nuclear war has devastated world civilizations. The main action of the story begins when the young narrator, Riddley, stumbles upon efforts to recreate a weapon of the ancient world. The novel's characters live a harsh life in a small area which is presently the English county of Kent, and know nothing of the world outside of "Inland"
Charles Dexter Ward is a young man from a prominent Rhode Island family. He is said to have disappeared from a mental asylum after a prolonged period of insanity accompanied by minor, but unheard-of, physiological changes. Ward had spent the past several years attempting to discover the grave of his ill-reputed ancestor, Joseph Curwen. Curwen was rumoured to have been an alchemist, but in reality a necromancer and mass-murderer.
The novel consists of five independent novellas with a common setting but different characters. The future in 334 has brought few technological advances except for new medical techniques and recreational drugs. Overpopulation has made housing and other resources scarce; the response is a program of compulsory birth control and eugenics.
Tommy and Tuppence Beresford feel useless and sidelined. When Tommy is approached to go undercover once more, however, he decides to join him. The duo begin a search for a German agent who may have infiltrated British command. Another British agent that was following these Germans left a cryptic message on his deathbed: "N or M. Song Susie"
A thick unnatural mist quickly spreads across the small town of Bridgton, Maine, reducing visibility to near-zero and concealing numerous species of bizarre creatures. The bulk of the story details the plight of a large group of people who become trapped while shopping in the town supermarket. This spiraling breakdown leads to the rise to power of a religious zealot named Mrs. Carmody.
Bundle meets Bill Eversleigh for a night out and asks him what he knows. Jimmy and Ronny go to Deane Priory where Gerry's step-sister lives. Ronny hints at something about Gerry but stops full at confiding in Jimmy. Jimmy points out to Ronny that the alarm clocks have been removed.
Travesties is a play by Tom Stoppard. It is set in Zürich, Switzerland during the First World War. Three important personalities were living in the city at that time: James Joyce, Lenin and Tristan Tzara. In the play the less notable English consular official Henry Carr recalls his perceptions and his experiences with these influential figures.
Set in the early Middle Ages, Ronia is a girl growing up in a clan of robbers, who lives in a castle in the woodlands of Scandinavia. As the only child of Mattis, the chief, she is expected to become the leader of the clan someday. Their castle, Mattis's Fort, is split in two parts by a lightning bolt.
Louis Creed, a doctor from Chicago, moves to a house near the small town of Ludlow, Maine with his family. Louis has a traumatic experience as director of the University of Louis is visited by the student's walking, conscious corpse. Louis is forced to confront death at Halloween, when Jud's wife, Norma, suffers a near-fatal heart attack.
Andy and Charlene "Charlie" McGee are a father-daughter pair on the run from a government agency known as The Shop. During his college years, Andy had participated in a Shop experiment dealing with "Lot 6", a drug with Andy McGee receives a psychic flash while having lunch with work colleagues. He rushes home to discover his wife murdered and his daughter kidnapped.
Charlie Decker, a Maine high school senior, is called to meeting with his principal over a previous incident in which Decker attacked his chemistry teacher with a heavy wrench. For unknown reasons, Charlie subjects the principal to a series of insulting remarks, resulting in his expulsion. Charlie storms out of the office and retrieves a pistol from his locker, setting its contents on fire. He then returns to his classroom and fatally shoots his Algebra teacher. The fire triggers an alarm, but Charlie forces his classmates to stay in the classroom, killing another teacher when he enters.
The story takes place in the fictional town of Wentworth, Ohio, a typical suburban community. On Poplar Street, an autistic boy named Seth has gained the power to control reality through the help of a being known as Tak. Seth's imagination is heavily influenced by a western called The Regulators and a cartoon called MotoKops 2200.
The Two Georges commemorates the agreement between George Washington and King George III that created this part of the British Empire. While being displayed in New Liverpool, the painting is stolen while a crowd is distracted by the murder of "Honest" Dick. Colonel Thomas Bushell of the Royal American Mounted Police leads the search for the painting.
Fitzroy Mc Holmes is enjoying his retirement in Sussex when one day at the beach, he meets his friend Harold Stackhurst, the headmaster of a nearby preparatory school. No sooner have they met than Stackhurst's science master, Fitzroy Mc  Holmes sees a couple of people far up the beach. He sees McPherson's towel lying there dry and concludes that he never  Stackhurst demands to know what he was doing there, and an angry exchange ensues
The novel begins after the collapse of civilization by an event that is not immediately identified. The protagonist is Snowman, a post-apocalyptic hermit character. In flashbacks, we learn that Snowman was once a young boy named Jimmy, who grew up in the near, yet undefined past.
Professor William Race is a young linguist working for NYU. He is asked to translate a manuscript written in ancient Latin. The manuscript leads the team to an ancient Incan temple. The hunt becomes a fight for survival when their raid of the temple is taken over by hostile German terrorists.
In 1975, Daniel Eakins, a young college student, is visited by his Uncle Jim. Uncle Jim offers to increase Daniel's monthly allowance for living expenses as long as Daniel promises to keep a diary. Shortly after, Uncle Jim dies, and Daniel inherits a 'Timebelt' from him that allows the wearer to travel through time. Daniel quickly learns how to use the Timebelt and makes a few short jumps into his own future.
The novel tells the story of a British officer, Harry Feversham, who resigns from his commission in the East Surrey Regiment. He is faced with censure from three of his comrades, Captain Trench as well as Lieutenants Castleton and Willoughby for cowardice. He loses support of his Irish fiancée, Ethne Eustace, who too presents him with the fourth feather. His best friend in the regiment, Captain Durrance becomes his rival for Ethne.
After a diving team at Wilkes Ice Station is killed, the station sends out a distress signal which is picked up. A team of United States Recon Marines lead by Shane Schofield arrives at the station. At the station he finds several French scientists have arrive and several more come after the Marine's arrival. The French however reveal themselves as actual soldiers and a fight ensues in the station, claiming the lives of several scientists.
The narrative opens in the decade before World War I. We are introduced to the central protagonist of the story, Hans Castorp. We encounter him when he is in his early 20s, about to take up a shipbuilding career in Hamburg. Just before beginning this professional career Castorp undertakes a journey to visit his tubercular cousin.
Andrić focuses on a small Serbian boy taken from his mother as part of the levy of Christian subjects of the Sultan. That child becomes a Muslim and, taking a Turkish name , is promoted quickly and around the age of 60 becomes Andrić. The reader learns how serfs are forced to build it and how they variously strike and sabotage the construction site.
The narrator, K., arrives in a village governed by a mysterious bureaucracy that resides in a nearby castle. When seeking shelter at the town inn, he falsely gives himself out to be a land surveyor. He is quickly notified that his castle contact is an official named Klamm, who, in the introductory note, informs K. he will report to the Council Chairman.
The story concerns an unnamed disfigured woman who goes by multiple identities. The novel opens on the wedding day of Ms. Evie Cottrell, whose house is burning to the ground. Because of the rapid non-linear motion of the novel's events, the narrator has often referred to Manus as Seth.
Melinda Sordino is raped by Andy Evans at a party. Melinda does not tell anyone what happened to her, and no one asks. She is shunned by her peers for calling the police. She slowly befriends her lab partner, David Petrakis, who encourages her to speak up.
David Pritchard is a decidedly eccentric stalker and heckler who has delved into Ripley's nefarious past. His current obsession is the disappearance of Thomas Murchison, an art collector whom Ripley murdered in Ripley Under Ground. Ripley takes the remains to the Pritchards' temporary home nearby and dumps it in the pond outside.
An idol that originally belonged to a Native American nation in South America is stolen from the Museum of Ethnography in Brussels. Tintin tries to obtain the man's parrot in order to get a clue to the killer's identity. But he soon discovers that a pair of South Americans - Alonso Perez and Ramon Bada - are also on the trail.
The "D" is the story of Anthony, an ex-Eton and Oxford student. He is sent by the British government to investigate the murder of Prince Michael Obolovitch. He finds out about Virginia Revel's invitation to a house and deduces that someone is attempting to prevent her going there.
Belgian reporter Tintin and his faithful dog Snowy travel to the Congo. The pair are greeted by a cheering crowd of natives. TintIn gains the admiration of the natives, making the Babaorum witch-doctor Muganga jealous. Muganga and the stowaway then plot to kill Tintsin by making it look like a leopard kill.
Tintin takes a train from Brussels to the coast in order to board the ferry from Ostend to Dover, England. During the journey he is framed for the assault and robbery of a fellow passenger. Arriving in England, Tintin is kidnapped by the same men who framed him. His investigations lead him to Dr. J.W. Müller who is part of a gang of counterfeiters.
Tintin buys an old model ship to give to his friend Captain Haddock as a gift. The model ship is stolen, and Tintin discovers a rolled-up parchment hidden under furniture. The parchment contains a riddle that points to the location of treasure. By combining the three parchments, the pair discover the coordinates of the hidden treasure.
In the previous adventure, The Secret of the Unicorn, Tintin and Captain Haddock discover three parchments revealing the location of the sunken Unicorn. The Unicorn was scuttled by Sir Francis Haddock while battling the pirate Professor Cuthbert Calculus. The crew of the Sirius find a large wooden cross on the island itself.
The story begins with the assassination of two philosophically divergent Supreme Court Justices. Liberal Justice Rosenberg is killed at his home, while the conservative Justice Jensen is killed inside a gay porn cinema. The circumstances surrounding their deaths, as well as the deaths themselves, shock and confuse a politically divided nation. The main character, Darby Shaw, a Tulane University Law School student, decides to research the two justices' records and cases pending before the Court.
Poe wrote this short story before the invention of modern psychological science. Roderick Usher's pathagens can be described according to its terminology. They include a form of sensory overload known as hyperesthesia , hypochondria , and acute anxiety. It is revealed that Roderick's twin sister, Madeline, is also ill and falls into cataleptic, deathlike trances.
Tintin, Calculus, and Haddock travel to San Theodoros to clear their names. They find themselves caught in a trap laid by their old enemy, Colonel Sponsz. Tintin enlists General Alcazar's help in freeing his friends. The detectives reach the state prison in time to prevent the executions.
Time and space are vast, so the probability that the reader came to be alive here and now, as opposed to another time or place, was slim. More important, the correct structure of atoms had to align in the universe. Given how special these circumstances are, the "noble" thing to do is employ the allotted several decades of human life towards understanding that universe.
Tintin meets Professor Calculus at Marlinspike Hall, the new home of his friends Captain Haddock and ProfessorCalculus. A mysterious illness begins afflicting the members of the expedition; one by one, they fall into a mysterious coma. The only clue is fragments of a shattered crystal ball found near each victim. Tintin and the Captain are then fired upon by an unseen gunman who escapes, having kidnapped Calculus, in a black car.
"The Bridge" deals with the construction of the Bloor Street Viaduct, which will link eastern Toronto with the center of the city. Nicholas Temelcoff, a Macedonian immigrant worker on the bridge, saves the nun who fell off the bridge. The nun, already missing her veil, tears her habit to make him a sling.
Gilbert Gosseyn is a man living in an apparent utopia where those with superior understanding and mental control rule the rest of humanity. In his search for his real identity, he discovers that he has extra bodies that are activated when he dies. He also has extra brain matter that, when properly trained, can allow him to move matter with his mind.
The story is set in the reign of "old King Henry VI" and during the Wars of the Roses. Richard Shelton, ward of Sir Daniel Brackley, becomes curious about the fate of his father Sir Harry Shel Joanna tries to persuade Dick to turn against Sir Daniel in sympathy with the Black Arrow outlaws. The next day they are met in the forest by Sir Daniel himself disguised as a leper.
The events of the novel are a "game" between the gods Fate and The Lady with the Discworld as their game board. At the end, the Lady says "I never play to win but I do play not to lose", and shows the gods Rincewind confronted by Australian-aborigine-type warriors. As usual, The Luggage follows, but having returned to the land of his wood and construction, feels free to seek a mate and reproduce.
Professor Calculus has been kidnapped by a band of men including the Quechua native Peruvian Chiquito. Tintin and Captain Haddock discover their friend is on board the cargo ship Pachacamac bound for Callao, Peru and are on a flight to rescue him. They find both the authorities and the locals extremely unwilling to help them track Calculus' kidnappers because of the wrath of the Inca. The journey there is long and eventful involving hindrance from natives and the Captain being terrorised by local wildlife.
Car engines are spontaneously exploding all over the country. The reason is narrowed down to the petrol used in the cars which is tampered in some way to cause an explosion. As a result most form of transport from cars to airlines are cutting down on fuel usage, thus affecting the economy. Tintin re-encounters an old enemy, Dr. J.W. Müller, whom he sees sabotaging an oil pipeline.
When the novel opens Catherine has decided she can bear it no longer not to see her boys. Cassius Clare has remarried and has had three more children by the second Mrs Clare. Catherine is prepared to leave the house for good, but on condition that she can take her two sons with her if they wish to go.
The story describes a few days in the life of a five-year-old named Jenny, her father, Eric, and his boyfriend Martin. Jenny's mother Karen lives nearby and often visits the household. The book covers such small adventures as Jenny, Eric and Martin going to the laundrette together.
The story continues from Destination Moon. Professor Calculus is taking Tintin, Snowy, Captain Haddock and Frank Wolff to the Moon. Detectives Thomson and Thompson come up from the hold, having mistaken the time of the The Thompsons accidentally turn off the nuclear power motor, which stops the artificial gravity and sends everyone floating.
During a thunderstorm, Tintin and Captain Haddock shelter in Marlinspike Hall. Professor Calculus returns from his laboratory with bullet holes in his hat. They conclude that he had invented a sonic device capable of destroying glass and china. Rival teams of agents from both Syldavia and Borduria are after the device.
Rand al'Thor, having been declared the Dragon Reborn by Moiraine Damodred, secretly leaves the Shienaran camp in the Mountains of Mist to go to Tear to prove himself. Along the way he is hunted by Darkhounds and Darkfriends. Mat Cauthon is taken to Tar Valon by Verin Mathwin, Nynaeve al'Meara, Egwene al'Vere, Elayne Trakand, and Hurin.
Rand al'Thor, the Dragon Reborn and the Car'a'carn, leads his Aiel over the Spine as well. The two Aiel armies meet in the Second Battle of Cairhien, which is by far the largest battle in the Westland since the time of Artur Hawkwing, 1000 years past.
The Shadow Rising follows four groups of characters in four main plotlines. At the beginning of the book, all of the major protagonists are together at the Stone of Tear. Rand al'Thor and Couladin of the Shaido Aiel declare themselves to be He Who Comes With the Dawn. Perrin discovers that the people are caught between Trollocs and Children of the Light.
The novel focuses on Charles Schermerhorn Schuyler who has recently returned to the USA after more than 30 years in Europe. The political backdrop to the story is the 1876 U.S. presidential election. Vidal builds up to this historic crisis through the activities of a mixed cast of historical and fictional characters, some of the latter having previously appeared in Burr.
The story follows the bird throughout a year during its migration to South America and return to the Canadian Arctic in search of a mate. The book may have been somewhat premature in that there were confirmed sightings of this bird in 1963 and there were a number of unconfirmed sightings after that date. However, this bird may now be extinct.
The Auditors of Reality are beings who watch the Discworld to ensure everything obeys The Rules. As Death starts developing a personality the Auditors feel that he does not perform his Duty in the right way. They send him to live like everyone else. Assuming the name "Bill Door", he works as a farm hand for the elderly Miss Flitworth.
Edward d'Eath, an Assassin and son of a down-and-out noble family, becomes convinced that the restoration of the Ankh-Morpork monarchy will solve the social change in the city. Meanwhile, Captain Samuel Vimes is confronted by new problems. He has to deal with the new recruits first: a dwarf, a troll, and a werewolf. He also has to figure out who stole a mysterious device from the Assassins' Guild.
In the novel, the Auditors strike again by deciding to eliminate the Hogfather because he does not fit into their view of the universe. Death's granddaughter Susan must find out what's happened to the real Hogfather. She visits his Castle of Bones only to find the hung-over Bilious, the "Oh God" of Hangovers, whom she rescues before the castle collapses due to the lack of belief.
The Auditors are upset because the human race are living their lives in an unpredictable way. They convince a young clock maker, Jeremy Clockson, in Ankh-Morpork to build a perfect glass clock. Death sends his granddaughter Susan to stop them, assisted by the Death of Rats and Quoth the Raven.
About 1,000,000 B.C., an unidentified alien race sent out robotic factories to many worlds in their part of the galaxy to prepare for future settlement. One of those factory ships suffers severe radiation damage from a near-miss by a supernova and goes off course, drifting in space for a hundred thousand years. Due to a malfunction in its database it begins producing imperfect copies that begin to evolve on their own. The resulting machine ecosystem eventually gives rise to humanoid robots with human-like intellects who develop a civilization similar to early civilization of Earth.
Free Culture is a new book by Professor Lessig. Lessig argues that copyright law has been abused by large companies. He argues for shorter renewable periods of copyright and a limitation on derivative rights. The book also chronicles his prosecution of Eldred v. Ashcroft and his attempt to develop the Eldred Act.
Brian Griffin is a high school English/literature teacher who never accepts late homework and is demanding of his students. After he gives out F's to a group of students who turn in papers late, the students-the "popular" David is working toward a state university scholarship, which is grade-based. David faces further pressures, as he needs ultimately to help support his family.
Peer Gynt is the son of the once highly regarded Jon Gynt. He is a poet and a braggart, not unlike the youngest son from Norwegian fairy tales. His mother scorns him for his vivid imagination, and taunts him because he spoiled his chances with Ingrid, the daughter of the richest farmer.
The poem contains what may be Shakespeare's most graphic depiction of sexual excitement. As Adonis is preparing to go hunting, Venus "seizeth on his sweating palm" and "Backward she push'd him, as she would be thrust" After they part, Adonis  is soon killed in a hunting "accident"
In the novel, the name of the protagonist Meg's mother is consistently written with a period after her title. The names of the three angelic beings disguised as humans have no period after their titles of "Mrs" The book begins with the line "It was a dark and stormy night," an allusion to the opening words in Edward George Bulwer-Lytton's 1830 novel Paul Clifford.
The deposed Queen of Andor, Morgase Trakand, goes to Amadicia to seek aid in returning to the throne. She is as good as taken captive by the Lord Captain Commander of the Children of the Light, Pedron Niall. In Emond's Field, Perrin Aybara, making his return to the series after his absence in the previous book, feels the pull of ta'veren.
Ponyboy, a member of the Greasers gang, is leaving a movie theater when a group of Socs jump him. His older brothers Darry and Sodapop save him. The next night, Ponyboy and his friends Dally and Johnny meet Cherry Valance and Marcia at a drive-in movie theatre. After a Soc nearly drowns Ponyboy in a fountain, a terrified Johnny stabs Bob, accidentally killing him.
The Manuscript Found in Saragossa collects intertwining stories, all of them set in whole or in part in Spain. Recounted to the narrator over the course of sixty-six days, the novel's stories quickly overshadow van Worden's frame story. The stories cover a wide range of genres and subjects, including the gothic, the picaresque, the erotic, the historical, the moral.
Main character is a nameless 'whisky priest' who combines a great power for self-destruction with pitiful cravenness, an almost painful penitence and a desperate quest for dignity. By the end, though, the priest "acquires a real holiness" The other main character, a lieutenant of the police who is given the task of hunting down this priest, is a committed socialist who despises everything the church stands for.
The novel focuses on Maurice Bendrix, a rising writer during World War II in London, and Sarah Miles, the wife of an impotent civil servant. Bendrix is loosely based on Greene himself, and he reflects often on the act of writing a novel. Sarah is based loosely on Greene's mistress at the time, Catherine Walston.
The play is about two African servants, Sam and Willie, whom Hally has known all his life. Hally unleashes on his two black friends years of anger, pain and the vicarious racism from his father, creating possibly permanent rifts in his relationship with them. Sam is hurt and angry but understands that Hally is really causing himself most pain.
Prince Lev Nikolayevich Myshkin is a descendant of one of the oldest Russian lines of nobility. He has spent the last four years in a Swiss clinic for treatment of his epilepsy and supposed intellectual deficiencies. The prince makes the acquaintance of the Yepanchins, who have three daughters-Alexandra, Adelaida, and Aglaya.
The novel's protagonist, Isham Stone, is on a mission to kill the man allegedly responsible for the destruction of civilization. Isham has been told by his father, scientist Jacob Stone, that Wendell Carlson is a madman who brought the world to its current state. The novel continues as Isham's old teacher, Collaci, sets out to bring him back from New York to face a murder charge.
The main characters of the book are Ashley Patterson, an introverted workaholic, her co-workers, Toni Prescott, an outgoing singer and dancer, and shy artist Alette Peters. The three women do not get along very well, because of their dissimilar natures. All three have issues with their mothers having told them they'd never amount to anything.
The protagonist of the story is Robert Bellamy, a man hired by the NSA to locate the several bus passengers in Switzerland. As Robert locates the passengers one by one, they are mysteriously killed. Robert's marriage also dissolves, as his wife, starved for attention by Robert, marries a rich business tycoon Monte Banks.
In the novel's dystopian world, human personalities can be stored digitally and downloaded into new bodies, called sleeves. Catholics have arranged that they will not be resleeved as they believe that the soul goes to Heaven when they die, and so would not pass on to the new sleeve. A UN resolution to alter this legal position forms one strand of the novel. Only the wealthy are able to acquire replacement bodies on a continual basis.
Hercule Poirot meets Jacqueline de Bellefort and Simon Doyle on their honeymoon to Egypt. Three months later, Simon has broken off his engagement to Jacqueline and married Linnet Ridgeway. The next day, Linnet is found dead with a bullet in her head.
The book is filled with criticism on negative human interference in the wild in 1884. A 5-year-old girl named Dot is lost in the outback after chasing a hare into the wood and losing sight of her home. She is approached by a red kangaroo who gives her some berries to eat. Upon eating the berries, Dot is able to understand the language of all animals.
The New English Bible has been considered one of the more important translations of the Bible to be produced following the Second World War. T. S. Eliot comments that the NewEnglishBible "astonishes in its combination of the vulgar, the trivial and the pedantic" F. F. Bruce, then Rylands Professor of Biblical Criticism and Exegesis in the University of Manchester, declared that the English speaking world owes an immense debt to the translators.
The novel begins in 1891, when Holmes first informs Watson of his belief that Professor James Moriarty is a "Napoleon of Crime" The novel presents this view as nothing more than the fevered imagining of Holmes' cocaine-sodden mind. Moriarty was the childhood mathematics tutor of Sherlock and his brother Mycroft. The heart of the novel consists of an account of Holmes's recovery from his addiction.
Jimmy Corrigan is a meek, lonely middle aged man who meets his father for the first time in a Michigan town over Thanksgiving weekend. Jimmy is an awkward and cheerless character with an overbearing mother and a very limited social life. Jimmy attempts to escape his unhappiness via an active imagination that gets him into awkward situations.
The book takes place over a two-month period in late 1991 early 1992, with occasional flashbacks to the expulsion of the Arabs. Sacco spent this time meeting with Palestinians in the West Bank and Gaza Strip. The narrative focuses on the minute details of everyday life in the occupied territories, presenting the daily struggles, humiliations and frustrations of Palestinians.
Like A Velvet Glove Cast In Iron is about a man named Clay Loudermilk and his attempts to locate his estranged wife, Barbara Allen. Clay is victimized by two crazed policemen, meets a religious cult led by a mass-murderer who intend to overthrow the American government. There are, in addition, references to child porn and . The story is for adults only, and has a violent, ugly climax.
David Boring is a first-person novel written in the first person by David Boring. Much of the plot of the book concerns David's attempt to obtain a woman whom he considers his feminine ideal, based largely on the characteristics of his first cousin, Pamela. After sinking into an all-consuming depression for weeks, David is shot in the head by an unknown attacker in front of his home.
The story centers on Quoyle, a newspaper pressroom worker from upstate New York whose father emigrated from Newfoundland. Shortly after his parents' suicide, Quoyle's unfaithful and abusive wife Petal leaves town and attempts to sell their two daughters to sex traffickers. Quoyle learns deep and disturbing secrets about his ancestors that emerge in strange ways.
The title refers to the friendship between the scribe, Philo, and Judas Iscariot, the disciple who betrayed Jesus. The premise is that Judas was actually Jesus' most trusted disciple, and chose him for the important job of "betraying" him to the authorities.
Waldo lives in a satellite in high orbit, where the lack of gravity allows him to move around despite his weakness. The story is told as a flashback. Waldo has a grudge against NAPA after losing a legal battle with them some years before. The "Other World is close by and full of power", waiting only for someone to grab it.
Samuel Vimes is sent to the remote region of Überwald as an ambassador to negotiate with the new Low King on increased imports of fat. A cabal of local werewolves seek to exploit this opportunity to destabilize the already deeply divided dwarf society. The Watch is also investigating the theft of the replica Scone of Stone, a parody of the real-life Stone of Scone from the Ankh-Morpork Dwarf Bread Museum.
The first publication of the Series in 3 volumes combined the two novels Bonanza and The Juncto. The beginning of Bonanza finds Jack Shaftoe awakened from a syphilitic blackout of nearly three years. The King of the Vagabonds is about a group of men who try to steal gold from the Cabal.
The novel is set in a parallel world to ours, in a world controlled largely by a theocratic international organisation, the Magisterium. On this world, human souls exist externally in the form of sentient "dæmons" Lyra hides in the coat closet and secretly watches Asriel's lecture, thus learning of "Dust", the name given to elementary particles that are apparently attracted to adults more than children.
In the story, the wizards are transported to Roundworld during the Elizabethan era. They are befriended by the magician John Dee, who is understandably confused by their appearance. Back at Unseen University, the thinking machine Hex informs the remaining faculty that history has changed and humanity no longer makes it to the stars.
Marco Stanley Fogg, aka M.S., is the son of Emily Fogg. His mother dies because of a car accident when he is eleven years old. He moves to his Uncle Victor, who raises him until Marco goes to a boarding school in Chicago. Uncle Victor dies before Fogg finishes college and leaves him without friends and family.
Independent People is the story of the sheep farmer Guðbjartur Jónsson, generally known in the novel as Bjartur of Summerhouses. The first chapter summons up the days when the world was first settled, in 874 AD, and one of the book's wry conceits is that no other world but Iceland exists. In the middle of the novel, however, World War I commences and the prices for Icelandic mutton and wool soar.
The Vagina Monologues is made up of monologues read by a varying number of women. Each monologue deals with an aspect of the feminine experience, touching on matters such as sex, love, rape, menstruation, female genital mutilation, masturbation, birth, orgasm. A recurring theme throughout the piece is the vagina as a tool of female empowerment.
The story of the original draft begins at the Monastery of Shu. Li Kao departs on a quest to become rich and stay young in China. His quest takes him to have multiple quarrels with the savage Duke of Ch'in. In the end, he completes the quest, the Bridge of Birds is formed, and all in heaven is set right again.
The story begins with the recollection of young Jean Rézeau catching a viper in his grandparents' courtyard and holding it in his fist. When his grandmother dies, his parents come back from China where his father teaches Law. He and his brothers then discover that their mother Paule is a horrible woman, who hates her life and her children.
The main conflict in the novel comes from Margaret's need to settle her mixed religious heritage. The story is frequently interlaced with her praying by beginning with the title's words "Are You there, God? it's me, Margaret" Margaret eventually stops "talking to God" after being in the middle of a confrontation between her parents and maternal grandparents.
The plot follows Harvard symbologist Robert Langdon, as he tries to stop the Illuminati. CERN director Maximilian Kohler discovers one of the facility's physicists, Leonardo Vetra, murdered. The Illuminati have stolen a canister containing antimatter - a substance with destructive potential comparable to a small nuclear weapon. Langdon must complete the Path of Illumination in order to find the assassin and rescue Vittoria.
The Discworld part of the book begins when a new experimental power source for the Unseen University is commissioned in the university's squash court. The new "reactor" is capable of splitting the thaum, in homage to the Chicago Pile-1 nuclear reactor, which was housed in a rackets court at the University of Chicago. However, the wizards' new reactor produces vastly more magical energy than planned and threatens to explode, destroying the University, the Discworld, and the entire universe.
Arthur Gordon Pym was born on the island of Nantucket, famous for its fishing harbor and whaling. The book comprises a preface, 25 chapters, and an afterword, with a total of around 72,000 words. Pym studies the islands around the Cape of Good Hope, becoming interested in the social structures of penguins, albatrosses, and other sea birds.
Lucy Snowe is the main character of the novel. She is the headmistress of her own day school or externat, which she later expands into a pensionnat. In one of Villettes famous plot twists, Dr. John is later revealed to be Graham Bretton, a fact that Lucy has known but deliberately concealed from the reader.
Robert Moore is a mill owner noted for apparent ruthlessness toward his employees. Robert is very close to Caroline Helstone, who comes to his house to learn French from his sister. Shirley is a landowner, an independent heiress whose parents are dead and who lives with Mrs. Pryor, an old governess.
William is caught "stealing" plates and cutlery so he can see where Grissel's papers are. The Brown family is getting stressed out at William's presence. They decide he must be given to one of his relations for a while to keep. William hears the family talk about a man called Quisiling. He apparently appears to exist in many places at once, helping the Germans.
This chapter is believed to have originated in the late 13th century, after the Heike proper. The two main themes are set in the famous introduction : impermanence and the fall of the mighty. The chapter describes the rise of the Taira clan and early conflicts at the court.
Mary Ashley, a professor at Kansas State University, is offered an ambassadorship by Paul Ellison, the US president. She rejects the offer because her husband, Dr. Edward Ashley, does not want to leave his medical practice, and she is not willing to be separated from him. When her husband suddenly dies in a suspicious traffic accident, Ashley accepts the President's offer. She is sent to Romania, behind the Iron Curtain, where she finds that everyone is conspiring against her.
Stanley Lambchop and his younger brother Arthur are given a big bulletin board by their father to display pictures and posters. During the night the board falls from the wall, flattening Stanley in his sleep. He survives and makes the best of his altered state, and soon he is entering locked rooms by sliding under the door.
The book opens in November 1915, with Hannay and his friend Sandy convalescing from wounds received at the Battle of Loos. Hannay is summoned to the Foreign Office by Sir Walter Bullivant, a senior intelligence man, and set out on a mission to join the German side in World War II.
The Castle of Otranto tells the story of Manfred, lord of the castle, and his family. The book begins on the wedding-day of his sickly son Conrad and princess Isabella. Manfred orders Theodore's death while talking to the friar Jerome, who ensured Isabella's safety in the church.
Shelly Levene tries to convince office Manager John Williamson to give him some of "the Glengarry leads" Ricky Roma delivers a monologue to James Lingk. Roma preys upon Lingk's insecurities and his sense that he has never done anything adventurous with his life.
Bill is a farmboy on a small backward agricultural planet who is drugged, hypnotised, then shanghaied into the Space Troopers. After surviving boot camp, he is transferred to active duty as a fuse tender on the flagship of the space fleet. Escaping during an attack, he rescues some prisoners and meets a dying Deathwish Drang. He then shoots off his own foot to get off-planet.
"The Green Progression" is about a former staffer at the Environmental Protection Agency. He now works for a law firm that represents companies that need clearances. But then his boss is killed in a shootout near the Capitol. Nothing is what it seems, and no one what they appear to be.
Aristotle says that virtue for a human must involve reason in thought and speech. He describes a sequence of necessary steps in order to achieve this. Character is -thos in Greek, related to modern words such as ethics, ethical and ethos. Aristotle does not equate character with habit because real character involves conscious choice, unlike habit.
The novel was written in 1994, and published on Kuro5hin in 2002. The book is very graphically violent and sexual, especially in earlier chapters. The story of the novella explores the nature of human desire and the uses and abuses of technology in the satisfaction of desire. The narrative moves back and forth between two time periods.
According to Tolstoy, art must create a specific emotional link between artist and audience. Good art, he claims, fosters feelings of universal brotherhood. Bad art inhibits such feelings, he says. Art produced by artistic elites is almost never good, he adds.
Tichy arrives on Entia to discover a unique anthropomorphic civilization divided into two major states: Kurdlandia and Luzania. The name "Luzania" derives from the Polish root "luz-" with the meaning of "loose", "not restrained"; the choice will become clear below. Kurdl is a huge animal inhabiting the marshes of Entia. We learn about it through his words.
The novel tells the story of Paul Pennyfeather, student at the fictional Scone College, Oxford. He is sent down for running through the college grounds without his trousers, having become, inadvertently, immersed in the activities of the Bollinger Club. The novel was dramatized as the 1969 film, Decline and Fall... of a Birdwatcher starring Robin Phillips and also for BBC Radio 4 in 2008.
The novel is set in a fictional New England town named Starkfield. An unnamed narrator tells the story of his encounter with Ethan Frome. The novel is framed by the literary device of an extended flashback. The first chapter ends as the narrator is taken to Frome's home for shelter. The second chapter flashes back twenty-four years.
Astrid Magnussen is a twelve-year-old girl living in Los Angeles, California. She and her mother, Ingrid Magnussen, live a solitary life with little outside influence. Ingrid lives by a set of her own rules and shows little interest in Astrid. She breaks into Barry's house and spreads a mixture of DMSO, an arthritis drug, and oleander sap on the surfaces of Barry.
The central plot device is the "macroscope", a large crystal that can be used to focus a newly discovered type of particle. The macroscope's clear view across Viewers with high enough intelligence, an IQ of 150, reach a point where the information causes them to go insane or die. Those without the intelligence to understand the advanced portions of the signal are unaffected.
The play is set in the Great Hall of Monkswell Manor. A woman has been murdered in London. Suspicion falls first on Christopher Wren, an erratic young man. It quickly transpires that the killer could be any one of the guests, or even the hosts themselves. The characters re-enact the second murder, trying to prevent a third. The murderer's identity is divulged near the end of the play.
The play opens with a Prologue, who stresses that the audience will see a serious play. Act I opens with the conversation between the Dukes of Norfolk and Buckingham and Lord Abergavenny. Wolsey passes over the stage with his attendants, and expresses his own hostility toward Buckingham. Later Buckingham is arrested on treason charges- Wolsey's doing.
The crew of the Starship Challenger have been searching the universe for an Earth-type planet to colonise. Telson, Sharna, Darv and Astra - the third generation crew - are the only survivors of The Great Meteoroid Strike. They discover that the Earth has been gone for half a million years and that the Challenger left Earth over one million years ago.
Lanark comprises four books, arranged in the order Three, One, Two, Four. Books One and Two constitute a realist Bildungsroman beginning in pre-War Glasgow. Book Four sees Lanark begin a bizarre, dreamlike journey back to Unthank. During various stages of the journey, during which he meets his author, he rapidly ages.
Tomb of Horrors is a D&D module for the World of Greyhawk campaign setting. The module is divided into thirty-three encounters, beginning with two false entrances to the tomb, and ending with "The Crypt of Acererak the Demi-Lich" Player characters must survive the deadly traps in the tomb and fight their way into the demi-lich's elaborately concealed inner sanctum.
The novel is set in West Germany and East Germany in the months of August and September. The place names and geographic features in the novel are fictional, with the exception of the Thuringer Wald. Team Yankee is composed of: First Platoon , Second Platoon, Mech Platoon and Third Platoon. There are four M1A1s in each tank platoon, numbered 11, 12, 13, 14, 21... to 34.
Gully Foyle is the last remaining survivor of the Nomad, a merchant spaceship attacked in the war between the Inner Planets and the Outer Satellites. He is tormented by the appearance of the "Burning Man", an image of himself on fire. As The Burning Man, he appears to himself during the quest, as well as in other times and places.
A scientific expedition to the planet Saturn in 2025, aboard the ship Ringmaster, discovers a strange satellite in orbit around the planet. The crew is rendered unconscious and later wake up inside the habitat. Initially separated, Cirroco and Gaby find each other and travel together through the world to find the rest of the crew.
The novel is written in the first-person, continuing the aesthetic of Ellis' earlier Less Than Zero. The main narrators are three students: Paul, Sean, and Lauren. A number of other characters also provide first-hand accounts throughout the story. The three main characters end up in a love triangle within a sequence of drug runs, "Dress to Get Screwed", and "End of the World" parties.
The City and the Stars takes place a billion years in the future, in the city of Diaspar. By this time, the Earth is so old that the oceans have gone and humanity has all but left. The people of Lys have instead worked to perfect the arts of the mind; they are telepaths, capable of communicating with each other over great distances and without words.
There are two parallel plots. The main plot involves Beatrice-Joanna, Alonzo, and Alsemero. Alibius and his young wife Isabella are in love with her. Jasperino is very surprised to learn that AlSEmero has fallen in love.
The beautiful young Theodora Fitzgerald belongs to a family of noble lineage, but whose fortunes have waned and who have lived in near poverty for most of her life. The book begins with her arranged marriage to Josiah Brown, a nouveau-riche Australian in his fifties. After a year of marriage, Josiah is well enough to visit Paris, where TheODora sees her father, Dominic, again for the first time since her wedding.
Isabel Archer, originally from Albany, New York, is invited by her maternal aunt, Lydia Touchett, to visit Lydia's rich husband Daniel at his estate near London. There, she meets her cousin Ralph Touchettt, her friendly invalid uncle, and the Touchetts' robust neighbor, Lord Warburton. Isabel later declines WarBurton's sudden proposal of marriage. She also rejects the hand of Caspar Goodwood, the charismatic son and heir of a wealthy Boston mill owner.
Maxwell Kane helps Rachel, nicknamed "Worm" because of her love of reading, run from her overly religious and abusive stepfather. Nicknamed "The Undertaker", he drives a hearse and wears pitch black clothing. The book ends with Worm and her mother coming to live with Max and his grandparents.
Devdas is a young man from a wealthy Bengali Brahmin family in India in the early 1900s. Paro is a woman from a middle class Bengali family belonging to the merchant caste. The two families lived in a village in Bengal, and Devdas and Paro were childhood friends.
The book starts off with a prologue, describing an encounter in a forest between a Shade and three elves. The action then jumps to Eragon, a fifteen-year-old boy who lives with his While hunting in the Spine, Eragon is surprised to see the Dragon egg. He raises the Dragon in secret until two of King Galbatorix's servants, the Ra'zac, come to Carvahall looking for Eragon.
In the aftermath of the Second Battle of Helska, the New Republic believes that the Yuuzhan Vong threat is vanished. But the Skywalkers, Solos and their friends and allies find that the Vong have yet to bring a dent of their forces into the galaxy. In order to wage war against the invaders, the Jedi and their allies decide it'd be best to understand them.
In the previous novel, the New Republic is taking the Yuuzhan Vong threat more seriously. But so are the Jedi, most notably a rogue one named Daeshara'cor. The New Republic, Imperial Remnant, and by extension the Chiss Ascendancy rendezvous at Ithor to protect the planet against the invading Vong.
Marian McAlpin works in a market research firm, writing survey questions and sampling products. She shares the top-floor apartment of a house in Toronto with her roommate Ainsley. Marian finds herself disassociating from her body as Peter recounts a gory rabbit hunt to Len.
The opening of the novel introduces the Karamazov family and relates the story of their distant and recent past. The details of Fyodor's two marriages as well as his indifference to the upbringing of his three children is chronicled. This section introduces a side story which resurfaces in more detail later in the novel.
The novel starts with an abrupt end to an expedition sent by Earth Resource Technology Services Inc. in the dense rain forests of Congo. The expedition, searching for deposits of valuable diamonds, discovered the legendary lost city of Zinj. A video image taken by a camera there, and transmitted by satellite to the base station in Houston, shows a peculiar race of grey haired gorillas, to be responsible for the murders.
The protagonist of these stories was involved in the creation of a global computer network designed to give ultimate economic control. Using backdoors in the central network, the hero is able to create identities for himself as needed. With this freedom he sets himself up as a freelance investigator and problem solver.
In the village of Werst in the Carpathian mountains of Transylvania, some mysterious things are occurring. A visitor of the region, Count Franz de Télek, is intrigued by the stories. He decides to go to the castle and investigate and finds that the owner of the castle is Baron Rodolphe de Gortz.
While the book is not written in a linear fashion the order of houses John lives in is as follows: 1st Place - The Boulevade * Tom lived in the garage * Mel lived upstairs. Her boyfriend Warren moved in some time later. When they moved out, replaced by * Andy the Med Student moved in Tom moved out and is replaced by Derek the Bank Clerk.
The novel is set in the fictional Swiss village of Karlstein in 1816. The evil Count Karlstein made a deal with Zamiel, the Demon Huntsman. Hildi Kelmar, a castle maidservant, overhears his plan to sacrifice Lucy and Charlotte and tries to save them.
The novel is about a young man called Clitophon. He falls in love with his cousin Leucippe, despite being promised in marriage to his half-sister Calligone. The pair elope together and are captured by Nile delta bandits. They are rescued by the Egyptian army, but the general leads them back to Tyre.
Daphnis and Chloe is the story of a boy and a girl exposed at birth along with some identifying tokens. A goatherd named Lamon discovers Daphnis, and a shepherd called Dryas finds Chloe. Each decides to raise the child he finds as his own.
Six forces: Love, Growth, Knowledge, Power, Strength, and Art. This world lacks love; but the love this Envoy would bring the Kindness of fervent religion - leading to witch hunts and crusades. The force of Knowledge would create a better, more reasonable world, but is hampered by physical fraility, and always ends up subjugated by power. Strength is the force that guarantees peace and security.
The book is divided into three parts: In the forest; In the sun; and In the evening. One of the plot devices Abbey uses is to play with time. Art urges Will to leave the forest, get a woman, get fat. Will answers he's staring at the sun. The second part, In the Sun, opens with Will driving into town and spending 10 minutes in.
Koestler looks at the changing relationship between faith and reason. He explores how these seemingly contradictory threads existed harmoniously in many of the greatest intellectuals of the West. Scientists have been at their best when they allowed themselves to behave as "sleepwalkers," instead of trying too earnestly to ratiocinate.
According to the book, after Ptolemy's defeat of Antiochus III in 217 BC at the battle of Raphia, he visited Jerusalem and the Second Temple. However, he was miraculously prevented from entering the building. This led him to hate the Jews and upon his return to Alexandria, he rounded up the Jewish community there to put them to death in his hippodrome.
The work consists of a prologue and two main sections. The first advances the philosophical thesis while the second illustrates the points made using examples drawn from 2 Maccabees under Antiochus IV Epiphanes. The last chapters concern the author's impressions drawn from these martyrdoms. It was composed originally in the Greek language.
Paula Power inherits a medieval castle from her industrialist father. She employs two architects, one local and one, George Somerset, newly qualified from London. Somerset represents modernity in the novel. In the village there is an amateur photographer, William Dare, who is the illegitimate son of Captain De Stancy, an impoverished scion of the family.
The unhappily married Lady Constantine breaks all the rules of social decorum when she falls in love with Swithin St. Cleeve. Her husband's death leaves the lovers free to marry, but the discovery of a legacy forces them apart. This is Hardy's most complete treatment of the theme of love across the class and age divide.
The story takes place in a small woodland village called Little Hintock. It concerns the efforts of an honest woodsman, Giles Winterborne, to marry his childhood sweetheart, Grace Melbury. Her father has made financial sacrifices to give his adored only child a superior education and no longer considers Giles good enough for her.
Septuagint and its derivative translations: &nbsp; = 1 Esdras. King James Version and many successive English translations:  &ngt;1 Esdra. Slavonic bible: & ngt;2 Esdr as.Ethiopic bible:  Ezra Kali.
The novel is set in rural Ireland and is narrated by a dedicated amateur scholar of de Selby. The narrator is bent on finding the cash box, and when Mathers tells him about a remarkable police barracks nearby he resolves to go to the barracks and enlist the help of the police in finding the box.
The book opens with news accounts of the 1984 murder of Brenda Lafferty and her infant daughter Erica. Older brothers Dan and Ron targeted their sister-in-law because they believed she was the reason Ron's wife left him. Both Ron showed the members of the School of Prophets a written "removal revelation" that allegedly called for the killing.
The story revolves around the eventual discovery of the American continents by the Yilané. Being reptiloid and cold-blooded, they target tropical and sub-tropical zones. Eventually, they encounter the humanoids, whom they regard as barely sentient animals. It is not long before a state of conflict exists between the two species.
In the early 21st century, Zane is living a pathetic life without money or employment. As he starts to pull the trigger, he sees the specter of Death advancing on him. Startled, he pulls the gun from his Mortis is Zane's Death Steed who can assume the form of a pale boat, a plane, or a pale limousine.
Hughes started the fire with gasoline poured around the bed Mickey Hughes was sleeping in. After the house had caught fire, Hughes drove with her to the local police station in order to confess. Hughes was tried in Lansing, Michigan, and found by a jury of her peers to be not guilty by reason of temporary insanity.
The novel tells the story of Lara Cameron, a successful real estate developer who came from a broken family in Nova Scotia. Lara's mother dies in childbirth and her Scottish father doesn't want her. After her father's death, Lara makes a deal with the owner of the boarding house to secure her first building in exchange for her body.
The story concerns Paul Dombey, the wealthy owner of the shipping company of the book's title. The book begins when his son is born, and Dombey's wife dies shortly after giving birth. His father pushes his daughter away from him, while she futilely tries to earn his love.
Musa Dagh is presented as a microcosm of late nineteenth- and early twentieth-century Armenian life. Gabriel Bagradian's grandfather had a paternal relationship with the Armenian villages that dot the land. The novel is a coming-of-age story as well as a classic tale of love and war on the scale of war.
Mrs. Frisby's son, Timothy, is ill just as the farmer Mr. Fitzgibbon begins preparation for spring ploughing. Normally she would move her family, but Timothy would not survive the cold trip to their summer home. She seeks help from the rats who live in a rosebush near her. She discovers the rats have human-level intelligence, with a literate and mechanized society.
The novel chronicles the fall from power of the Caliph Vathek. He renounces Islam and engages with his mother, Carathis, in a series of licentious and deplorable activities designed to gain him supernatural powers. He builds an observation tower with 1,500 steps to better study astronomy. A hideous stranger arrives in town claiming to be a merchant from India selling precious goods.
This story follows the lives of Harry, Marion, Tyrone, and Sara, who are all searching for the key to their dreams. In the process, they get flung into a devastating life of addiction. Harry and Tyrone end up in jail, where Harry's infected arm is amputated. Marion, left alone, begins a life of prostitution to support her addiction. Sara is Harry's lonely, widowed mother.
The novel's setting is the border of Herefordshire, in England and either Brecknockshire, or Radnorshire, in Wales. Culturally the central characters are Welshmen, with the surname Jones. The story is told through the technique of flashback, and portrays the lives of twin brothers, Lewis and Benjamin Jones.
Steinbeck began the book by describing his lifelong wanderlust and his preparations to travel the country again, after 25 years. He was 58 years old in 1960 and nearing the end of his career, but he felt that he "was  Steinbeck's exploits in saving his boat during the middle of the hurricane foreshadow his fearless, or even reckless, state of mind to dive into the unknown.
Admiral William Riker is a bitter, lonely man in a slow downward spiral following the death forty years earlier of Deanna Troi. Riker, now the commander of an unimportant starbase, is summoned to Betazed as Deanna's mother, Lwaxana Troi, lies dying. In a lengthy flashback, it is revealed that Will and Deanna met when Will was stationed on Betazed between assignments.
The novel is set in the early years of the TaishM period. It is about the relationship between Kiyoaki Matsugae and Satoko Ayakura. The main action stretches from October 1912 to March 1914. The novel opens with images The Ayakura family is one of twenty-eight of the rank of Urin.
The book is based on the Bilderberg Group and the myths and mysteries surrounding it. Ben Hartman is vacationing in Switzerland when he meets his old school buddy Jimmy Cavanaugh - who tries to kill him. Meanwhile, U.S. Department of Justice Agent Anna Navarro is recruited by a secretive group within the DoJ to investigate the deaths of a list of influential men around the world.
The first William Howland did not return home to Tennessee on his way back from the War of 1812. He settled on a hill in rural Alabama, overlooking a small river. He was later killed in an Indian raid, but since then, a descendant has lived in the house.
Bass' future Earth is an environment in which the sum of the biota serves as its food chain. All animals other than man are extinct, so meat comes from other humans. The conflict between the Hives and the roving bands of five-toed original Humans, who are reduced to savagery, forms the backdrop of this novel.
The film is set in 1896 in the Sahara. Two officers are drugged and kidnapped by a Tarqui warrior, the procurer for the monstrous Queen Antinea. Antinea, descendant of the rulers of Atlantis, has a cave wall with the 120 niches carved into it, one for each of her lovers.
Buckley was convicted on a trumped-up charge of trespass in 1803 and transported to Australia. He is discovered by aborigines, who regard him as the reincarnation of Murrangurk the shaman, an idea reinforced by Will's epilepsy. Will learns their language and ways, and fits perfectly the role of their healer and holy man.
Margaret Odell, famous Broadway beauty and ex-Follies girl known as "The Canary", is found murdered in her apartment. She has a number of men in her life, ranging from high society to gangsters, and more than one man visited her apartment on the night she dies. Philo Vance's characteristic erudition leads him to a key clue that allows him to penetrate a very clever alibi.
The story involves a series of murders taking place in a wealthy neighborhood of New York. The first murder is accompanied by a note signed "The Bishop" with an extract from the nursery rhyme Who Killed Cock Robin. Midway through the book, an elderly woman confesses to the crimes, but this possibility is discounted.
A member of the wealthy Kenting family is kidnapped, and Philo Vance's suspicions lead him to the victim's home. A mysterious ransom note and the family collection of gems both play a part in the plot. The murderer's suicide with the connivance of Vance.
Bouvard et Pécuchet is a novel by French writer Flaubert. It details the adventures of two Parisian copy-clerks, of the same age and nearly identical temperament. The novel was originally intended to be followed by a large sample of what they copy out.
Nominee Robert Leffingwell is viewed by many conservative senators as an appeaser. Others have doubts about his character. The President decides to get James Morton out of town and proceed with the nomination. Senator Anderson's death turns the majority of the Senate against the President and the Majority Leader.
positive liberty may be understood as self-mastery; and includes one's having a role in choosing who governs the society of which one is a part. For Berlin, negative liberty represents a different, and sometimes contradictory, understanding of the concept of liberty, which needs to be carefully distinguished. Berlin argued that, following this line of thought, demands for freedom paradoxically could become demands for forms of collective control.
Three siblings, Ben, Tom, and Lindy Potter, meet Professor Savant while visiting the zoo one rainy day. He reveals that there is a magic land called Whangdoodleland that can only be reached through the imagination. The children explore this world. Each time the children return, they venture farther and farther into WhangDoodleland, intending to reach the palace where the Last Whang doodle resides.
This booklet about otters features trivia questions, a giant poster, profiles of many of the otter characters that are featured in the series, and the much anticipated recipe for Shrimp and Hotroot Soup. The book offers insight into the culture and history of otters. It was illustrated by Jonathan Walker.
The story revolves around three friends-Serge, Marc and Yvan-who find their previously solid 15-year friendship on shaky ground. Serge is proud of his 200,000 franc acquisition fully expecting the approval of his friends. For the insecure Yvan, their friendship is his sanctuary...but his attempts at peace-making backfire.
The Old Man of Lochnagar is an old man who lives in a cave in Scotland. He has found a way to heat his bath by lighting a huge fire underneath it. The fire causes a flood which floods the Gorn, a clan of Scottish pixies. The Old Man shrinks to the size of a pixie and is taken away by the Prince and Princess.
The story is a parody of the Barrymore family actors, with particular aim taken at John Barrymore and Ethel Barrymore. The character Tony Cavendish, a heavy-drinking womanizer, represents Johnarrymore. Julie Cavendish is the prima donna Broadway star Ethelarry. Ethel was offended and her critical comments were quoted by the press.
The novel begins in the summer of 1983, shortly after Thatcher's landslide victory in the Parliamentary election of that year. Set in Britain in the early to mid-1980s, the story surrounds the young gay protagonist, Nick Guest, who has come down from Oxford with a first in English. Nick moves into the luxurious London home of the wealthy Fedden family.
This book takes place about fifteen years after the end of the original story. Survivors of the Dalton-Quinn tree, a few Carther States jungle dwellers, and two London Tree Citizens have settled on a new tree. This 'Citizen's Tree' has become a stable community which some believe may be too small to survive.
The novel takes place in a far future in which human societies have developed divergently on some 6000 planets. Many of these worlds are shared with intelligent nonhumans, although only one alien species also possesses faster-than-light travel. Many human worlds are aligned with one of two broad factions, one generally permissive and one generally conservative.
The Valley of the squinting windows is a novel by Irish author James MacNamara. It is about an inward-looking society, similar to the Keeping up with the Joneses theme. The novel resulted in a high-profile court case by those who thought they had been described. Hostility against the book led to its burning.
Richard is afflicted by a series of painful headaches. He learns from Shota of his lineage as the bastard son of Darken Rahl and the grandson of Zeddicus Zu'l Zorander. The Sisters tell Richard that he must wear a Rada'Han, a magical collar, in order to control his headaches and the gift.
Meg Murry is worried about her brother Charles Wallace, a 6-year-old genius who is bullied at school by the other children. The new principal of the elementary school is the former high school principal, Mr. Jenkins, who Meg is sure has a grudge against her whole family. Meg learns that the galaxy is threatened by beings called Echthroi, who seek to erase the entire universe by un-Naming things.
Tamello De Fformelo Tussock longs to be part of the Long Patrol at Salamandastron. His father believes that his son is too young to join up. At Redwall Abbey, the inhabitants discover that the south wall is mysteriously sinking into the ground.
Hans van den Broek is an immigrant - Dutch-born and now residing in Manhattan. He's desperate to fit in and goes through the whole rigmarole of gaining his US drivers' license. Connecting with people who play cricket in New York is yet another way he can "connect", albeit with an immigrant underclass.
The novel traces the life of Stanley Brack, captivated by model aircraft as a child. He enters MIT, and in a memorable scene, is interviewed by the head of the School of Aeronautical Engineering. As the book draws to a climax, he makes common cause with him in an effort to perfect a guided missile.
When Joseph Mason of Groby Park, Yorkshire, died, he left his estate to his family. A codicil to his will, however, left Orley Farm to his much younger second wife and infant son. A bitterly fought court case confirmed thecodicil. Twenty years pass. Lady Mason lives at Orley farm with her adult son, Lucius. Samuel Dockwrath, a tenant, is asked to leave by Lucius, who wants to try new intensive farming methods. Aggrieved, and knowing of the original case , Dockwraths investigates and finds a second deed signed by the same witnesses on the same date. He travels to Groby park in Yorkshire, where Joseph Mason the younger lives with his comically parsimonious wife, and persuades Mason to have Lady Mason prosecuted for forgery.
The storyline involves two factions, both capable of time travel, engaged in long-term war with each other. Their method of battle involves changing the outcome of events throughout history. The two opposing groups are nicknamed the Spiders and the Snakes. The action of the story occurs in a rest and relaxation base between the changing time lanes.
In 1970, the first person narrator, a 23-year-old college drop-out by the name of Willie Traynor, comes to Clanton, Mississippi for an internship at the local newspaper, The Ford County Times. The editor, Wilson Caudle, drives the newspaper into bankruptcy through years of mismanagement. Willie decides to buy the paper spontaneously for fifty-thousand dollars, through money from his wealthy grandmother, and becomes the editor and owner of the paper. Shortly after this, a member of the notorious and scandalous Padgitt family brutally rapes and kills a young widow named Rhoda Kassellaw. The murderer, DannyPadgitt, is tried in front of a jury and is found guilty. Danny threatens to kill each of the jury members, should they convict him. Although they do find him guilty, the jury cannot decide whether to send him to life in prison or to Death Row.
Morgon of Hed and Raederle of An set out to discover the answers to the questions: Who are the shape changers who pursue them?, and Where is the High One, the source of the land law binding the realm together? Along the way they are helped by the wizards of the realm, recently released from the bonds in which Ghisteslwchlohm had held them by Morgon, and by the land heirs/rulers.
While an undergraduate at Harvard, John Lang becomes friends with an Islandian fellow-student named Dorn, and decides to learn the Islandian language. His uncle arranges his appointment as American consul to Islandia, based primarily on his ability to speak the language. He does not undertake this mission right away, preferring to take a little time first to get to know the country and the people.
Gardens of the Moon is a novel about the Malazan Empire. It is notable for the use of high magic, and unusual plot structure. It centres around the Imperial campaign to conquer the city of Darujhistan. The story opens several years into a series of wars by the Empire.
The poem is about a religious pilgrimage to the shrine of Thomas Beckett. The narrator falls in with a group of pilgrims, and the largest part of the prologue is taken up by a description of them. The pilgrims include a knight, his son a squire, the knight's yeoman, a prioress accompanied by a second nun and the nun's priest.
Main character Abélard Lindsay is born in the ancient lunar colony Mare Serenitatis Circumlunar Corporate Republic. Lindsay joins a ship called the Red Consensus, which doubles as the nation-state of the Fortuna Miners' Democracy. Lindsay and Nora Mavrides become powerful Shaper leaders, thanks to their early contact with the Investors.
Unidentified architects, referred to as "The Builders", designed an underground city with supplies for its inhabitants to survive for 200 years. After completion of the city, the Builders gave the first mayor a locked box that was to be passed down from one mayor to the next. Unknown to the mayors who were to pass it down the line, the box was set to open after 200 years and provide instructions to the city's inhabitants on how to return to the surface. The seventh mayor, hoping that the box might contain a cure for the deadly cough that was infecting many citizens of Ember, takes the box home and tries to break it open. He fails, and dies before he is able to return the box to its rightful place. The story moves forward to the year 245 where the town is running out of supplies and the massive generator that provides the light and power for the city is on its last legs.
The novel is set in a world of environmental catastrophe and extreme socio-economic inequality. Outside crowded cities controlled by a police state, a class of wealthy and powerful "Farmers" exploit a rural prison labor population. The novel is considered influential as both "Travellers" and the idea of the Earthwork have become part of public life in Britain.
On Coruscant, Obi-Wan Kenobi approaches Luke Skywalker in his sleep to say farewell, sending Luke into depression. Leia Organa Solo, three months pregnant with twins, senses Luke's depression and sends C-3PO to speak On Myrkr, smuggler Talon Karrde and his subordinate, Mara Jade, help Thrawn and Pellaeon obtain several creatures called ysalamiri.
The book continues some time after the events of Heir to the Empire. The Old Republic had constructed a fleet of 200 Dreadnaughts that were highly automated. The flagship of this fleet was the Katana. A virus infected the crews of the entire fleet and drove them insane. The madness caused the crews to "slave" the controls of all ships in the fleet.
The book is a first-person narrative of spiritual awakening. The main character undertakes a journey to find and understand a series of nine spiritual insights on an ancient manuscript in Peru. In the novel, the Maya civilization left ruins in Peru where the manuscript was found, whereupon the Incas took up residence in the abandoned Maya cities.
Larsson and Kollberg are reluctantly part of a special task force that needs to solve a spree of bank robberies. Martin Beck is given a pity job after recovering from being shot at the conclusion of The Abominable Man. The incompetence of the Swedish police force has spread to the point that all three detectives are severely hindered in their work.
Nebuchadnezzar is a 14-year-old mute boy who is adopted by a kind-hearted shepherd. He and his dog, Denmark, are thrown off a ship by Captain Vanderdecken. An angel appears in a dream telling them that they must move on at the sound of a bell. Ben, Ned, Amy, Alex, and Mrs. Winn go on a treasure hunt to save the town of Chapelvale.
The story moves to the late 21st century. The most significant technological change is the wide availability of virtual reality interfaces. In Durban, a VR programming instructor named Irene "Renie" Sulaweyo is teaching a Kal Stephen spends much of his time online. When he somehow ends up in a coma after visiting a forbidden club, she and ! Xabbu decide to investigate.
Carthoris is madly in love with Thuvia. This love was foreshadowed at the end of the previous novel. Unfortunately Thuvia is promised to Kulan Tith, Jeddak of Kaol. On Barsoom nothing can break an engagement between a man and woman except death.
In the Discworld story the wizards learn that, once again, the history of Roundworld has changed, resulting in humans failing to leave Earth before the Extinction Level Event. They discover that the difference from established history was that Charles Darwin wrote a book called Theology of Species, which described how evolution must be controlled by a Creator. This was generally accepted by both religious figures and conservative scientists, and led to a certain stagnation of thought.
Poirot labels the five alternative suspects the five little pigs. They comprise Phillip Blake ; Philip's brother, Meredith Blake ; Elsa Greer ; Cecilia Williams, the governess ; and Angela Warren, Caroline's younger half-s Elsa seems emotionally stunted, as though her original passion for Amyas has left her prematurely devoid of emotion, except for hatred for Caroline.
Alvin is the seventh son of a seventh son, therefore possessing incredible powers as a Maker. As the years pass, Alvin avoids numerous attempts an unknown force to kill him, often helped by the intervention of a mysterious protector. The book's sequel, second in the tales of Alvin's life, is Red Prophet.
In the prologue, which takes place in 1985, Rose Daniels's husband, Norman, beats her while she is four months pregnant. Nine years later, when Rose is making the bed, she notices a drop of blood on the sheet from her nose. Rose realizes that she has passively suffered through Norman's abuse for fourteen years and that if she continues to put up with it, he may well eventually kill her. Rose reluctantly decides to leave Norman, departing from her unidentified city on a bus, with their bank card.
The story is set within a framing narrative told by a supporting character from The Prisoner of Zenda. Most of the same characters recur: Rudolf Elphberg, the dissolute absolute monarch of Ruritania; Rudolf Rassendyll, the English gentleman who had acted as his political decoy.
The novel is narrated by George Ponderevo, who is persuaded by his uncle to help develop the business of selling Tono-Bungay. George devotes seven years to organizing the production and manufacture of a product he believes to be "a damned swindle" He then quits day-to-day involvement with the enterprise in favor of aeronautics, but remains associated with his uncle Edward and his affairs.
The novel is set in the 10th century. The Caliph of Baghdad Al-Muqtadir sends his ambassador, Ahmad ibn Fadlan to the king of the Volga Bulgars. He never arrives but is instead captured by a group of Vikings. This group is sent on a hero's quest to the north.
In The Lyre of Orpheus, the executors of the will of Francis Cornish find themselves at the head of the "Cornish Foundation" They decide that a hitherto-unfinished opera by E.T.A. Hoffmann will be staged at Stratford, Ontario. The story follows the writing and then production of the opera, and the plot of the story arcs in a way that parallels the legend of King Arthur.
A five-year-old Cro-Magnon girl is orphaned and left homeless by an earthquake that destroys her family's camp. She wanders aimlessly, naked and unable to feed herself, for several days. The narrative switches to a group of Neanderthal people, the "Clan", whose cave was destroyed in the earthquake and who are searching for a new home. The medicine woman of the group, Iza, discovers the girl and asks permission to help the ailing child.
Parenti states that current scholars perpetuate the bias that favors an aristocratic interpretation of history. The satirist Juvenal "offers a glimpse of the empire as it really was, a system of rapacious expropriation" Gibbon found human happiness in the Imperial system that Caesar influenced and not the pre-Caesar Republic.
T.H. White's version of the tale elaborates greatly on the passionate love of Lancelot and Guinevere. Suspense is provided by the tension between Lancelot's friendship for King Arthur and his love for and affair with the queen. The Ill-Made Knight also deals with the quest for the Holy Grail.
The book tells the story of a man named John Gibson, as he breaks up with his girlfriend and moves to Boonville, California. The book portrays the town in a lightly comical manner, bringing to life a number of colorful Mendocino County stereotypes including hippies, rednecks, feminists, and commercial marijuana cultivation.
Macon "Milkman" Dead III derives his nickname from the fact that he was breastfed during childhood. He has two sisters, "First Corinthians" and "Magdelene called Lena" The daughters of the family are named by putting a pin in the Bible, while the eldest son is named after his father.
The novel is set in a post-visitation world where there are now six Zones known on Earth which are still full of unexplained phenomena. World governments and the UN try to keep tight control over them to prevent leakage of artifacts from Dr. Pilman. The story revolves around Redrick "Red" Schuhart, a tough and experienced stalker.
The novel is set on New Year's Day 1975. It follows the lives of a Jamaican woman and a Jewish-Catholic family of Cambridge educated intellectuals. The strands of the narrative grow closer as Millat and KEVIN, Josh and a radical animal rights group begin to oppose FutureMouse as an evil interference with their own beliefs.
Oswald discovers the world's most powerful aphrodisiac. With the aid of a female accomplice they place it inside chocolate truffles. By this means, the accomplice seduces the most famous men, with the intent of selling their semen to women wishing to be impregnated by them.
The book deals with 12-year-old Cory Mackenson, who grows up in the town of Zephyr, Alabama. The story begins as Cory's father, Tom, watches a car drive straight into a deep lake and sink to the bottom with a passenger inside. Tom tries to save the driver of the car, only to discover that the man is actually a murder victim.
The main plot involved a virus that breaks out and leaves the humans residing on Earth doomed. All humanity's resources are dedicated to a crash program to produce a deep space ark, capable of seeding humanity on a new world. The ship is crewed by six clones; teenage versions of people who achieved great works during the ark project. Prior to its arrival, however, the crew is awoken prematurely to face a threat to the ship, before their memories are complete.
The Death Ship is the story of a US sailor stranded in Antwerp after World War I. The narrator is Gerard Gales, who claims to be from New Orleans. Gales is repeatedly arrested and deported from one country to the next. When he finally manages to find work, it is on the Yorikke.
The story is about the Gregg family that hunts ducks for fun and is narrated by an unnamed eight-year-old girl. The girl possesses a power to punish people who make her cross called "the magic finger" but she has no control over what it does or when it happens.
A hideous, vindictive, spiteful couple known as the Twits live together in a brick house without windows with their abused, mistreated family of pet monkeys, the Muggle-Wumps. Mr. Twit constantly lengthens his wife's cane and chair and convinces her that she is shrinking and needs to be stretched out using helium balloons.
George is an 8-year-old boy who lives in a farm with his mother, father and grandmother. He is fed up with his Grandma's selfishness, grumpiness and her attitude towards him. George seeks to cure it by brewing a very special medicine for her. The resulting overdose causes her to shrink into nothing.
The story is loosely based around Billy, a young boy who has always dreamed of owning a sweet shop, especially since there is an abandoned one named The Grubber near where he lives. One day, he finds that the old building has been renovated and has become the head office for the Ladderless Window-Cleaning Company. Billy then meets its workers, a Giraffe with an extendable neck, a Pelican who can retract his upper beak, and a Monkey, whom he then befriends. They all band together when they receive a letter from the Duke of Hampshire asking them to clean the windows of Hampshire House.
Mr. Hoppy is a shy old man who lives alone in an apartment. For many years, he has been secretly in love with Mrs. Silver, a woman who lives below him. She has a small pet tortoise, Alfie, whom she loves very much. One morning she mentions that Alfie weighs only 13 ounces, and she desires that he become a more attractive weight. This inspires Mr.Hoppy to claim that he can make tortoises grow bigger with a magic spell.
Back-to-Front Dyslexia is a fictional type of dyslexia. It causes the sufferer to say the most important word in a sentence backwards. For example, instead of saying knits, he will say stink; god would be dog etc. It affects only his speech, and he doesn't realize he's doing it.
Chapel is about a baseball player who is about to be traded. On the last day of the season, he pitches a perfect game against the New York Yankees. He reflects on his personal life and especially on Carol, whom he finally realizes that he loves. The book was made into a movie by Sam Raimi.
Like most of Kay's novels, this contains a large amount of political intrigue and religious strife. After centuries of being dominated by the Asharites, the Jaddite kingdoms are regaining their strength, while the once-powerful khalifate of Al-Rassan is divided and vulnerable. The deep loyalties of Rodrigo Belmonte and Ammar ibn Khairan to Valledo and Cartada respectively mean that their eventual conflict becomes inevitable.
Cordelia Gray is hired by a scientist to look into the suicide of his son, Mark. She finds the order of service for St Mark's day in the prayer book. In the margin, she finds Mark's mother's initials, and the letters "A A" written side by side.
Asterix in Britain is a comic book about a single village that defies the Romans. Asterix, Obelix and Anticlimax are sent to Gaul to get a magic potion for the British rebels. The potion is confiscated by the Romans, who test the barrels to find the right one. Eventually the potion is lost in the Thames after an attack from a Roman catapult, though it gives some fish, and a fisherman, superstrength.
 Skinner argues for a more precise definition of freedom, one that allows for his conception of determinism. Skinner suggests that cultural evolution is a way to describe the aggregate of behavior. He also covers cognition, problem solving, self-control and counters some arguments or possible misconceptions. Skinner notes that "We have not yet seen what man can make of man"
After being connected to the death of a woman in London, Bond is called in by M to aid the investigation. The woman is a member of a cult society known as "The Meek Ones", operated by a Father Valentine. Valentine is an alias for Vladimir Scorpius, an arms dealer for several terrorist organisations. As the country's general election approaches, by the use of brainwashed cult members, Scorpius has begun a "holy war" against every man, woman, and child.
The plot concerns the marriage of Michael Anton and Pauline Barclay. They meet when he tends to her bloodied brow in his family's grocery store. The slowly-crumbling marriage finally dissolves when Michael leaves Pauline on their 30th anniversary. For Michael, divorce is a salvation. For Pauline, it's a tragedy that leaves her in despair.
The narrator of the novella is the journalist Paul Pokriefke. He was born on 30 January 1945 on the day that the Strength Through Joy ship, the Wilhelm Gustloff, was sunk. His mother-to-be was among the passengers on the ship and was among those saved when it went down. His life is heavily influenced by these circumstances, above all because his mother Tulla continually urges him to fulfill his 'duty' and to commemorate the event in writing.
The story begins in the Mossflower Wood, where a community of animals suffers under the tyranny of a ruling wildcat named Verdauga. When a mouse from the north, Martin the Warrior, comes to Mossflower Woods, he is captured and brought to the castle Kotir. His sword is broken by Verdauga's daughter, Tsarmina, and he is imprisoned within the Kotir dungeons. Martin and Gonff escape with help from the Corim and join with Dinny the mole and Log a Log Bigclub of the Guosim on a quest to find Boar the Fighter, Badger Lord of Salamandastron.
Christopher McCandless's body is found inside an abandoned bus in Alaska in 1992. He shed his legal name early in his journey, adopting the moniker "Alexander Supertramp" He spent time in Carthage, South Dakota laboring Krakauer recounts in detail his own attempt to climb Devils Thumb in Alaska.
Jim Smiley loves to bet. He bets on anything from the death of Parson Walker's wife to fights between his bulldog pup and other dogs. Once, Jim caught a frog and named it Dan'l Webster. For three months, he trained the frog to jump. Jim carried the frog around in a box.
This book revolves around the badger Lord Brocktree, father of Boar the Fighter, grandfather of Bella of Brockhall, and great-grandfather of Sunflash the Mace. He sets out to find the ancient badger mountain stronghold of Salamandastron. The wildcat Ungatt Trunn, son of Mortspear, Highland King of the North, lays siege to the fortress with his Blue Hordes.
Martin the Warrior tells the story of a young mouse named Martin, a slave in Marshank under the cruel stoat Badrang the Tyrant. A young mousemaid named Laterose, or Rose and a mole named Grumm hear his cry of defiance. They become instrumental in helping Martin, along with a squirrel named Felldoh, and Rose's brother Brome, escape Marshank. After a long series of adventures, the four adventurers reach Noonvale, Rose and Grumm's home.
All mass movements such as fascism, communism, and religion spread by promising a glorious future. Mass movements appeal to frustrated people who are dissatisfied with their current state. Some categories of people who may be attracted to mass movements include poor people, misfits, former soldiers, and people who feel thwarted in their endeavors.
Middle-class small businessman John Wright decides to assassinate the President of the United States. He spends his life savings to carry out the theft of a U.S. Army shipment of the two precursor chemicals that form a deadly nerve gas codenamed VZ. This plan is thwarted by John Graves, a State Department agent who has been tailing Wright.
The story begins in the early 21st century, just as an as-of-yet unnamed automated space probe is about to be sent from Earth to find habitable exoplanets. When it appears that an apocalyptic conflict is approaching, the probe is dubbed the Kuan-Yin, the bodhisattva of childbirth.
Main character Tom Natsworthy is a fifteen-year-old orphan. The book opens with London chasing the town of Salthook over the dry bed of the North Sea, into Europe. Tom and Hester escape from captivity, and a pilot named Anna Fang agrees to help them get home to London.
 Álex de la Iglesia signs only two pages of this novel. In this introduction he states he's found a laptop computer lost by poet Juan Carlos Satrústegui. On it, he's read a file called Payasos en la lavadora.
The story begins when the two aviators meet Professor Pennyroyal aboard Airhaven, who persuades them to take him as a passenger. They are soon pursued by airships of the Green Storm, and drift helplessly over the Dead Continent. The Green Storm have converted it into a base, where she discovers that they have stolen Anna Fang's body and have turned her into a Stalker. They hope to return the Stalker's memories by showing her Hester.
Boy Willie and Lymon enter into the Charles household at dawn with a truck full of watermelon they intend to sell. Doaker and Doaker are having a conversation about daily events and they muse over the present and the past. Wining Boy is then asked to play the piano, but instead he gives a short speech regarding his inexistence due to playing.
The book deals with the intersecting lives of a group of English Catholics from their years as students at University College London in the early 1950s up to the late 1970s. The characters are confronted with a wide range of issues and experiences including marriage, contraception, adultery, illness, grief and, most important of all, the changes in the Catholic Church.
The book concerns an elephant named Horton, who is convinced by Mayzie to sit on her egg while she takes a short "break" Horton is exposed to the elements, laughed at by his jungle friends, captured by hunters, and finally placed in a traveling circus. When the egg hatches, the creature that emerges is an "elephant-bird" cross between Horton and Mayzie.
Moonseed is an exploration of what could possibly happen when rock returned from the Apollo 18 mission. In the book, the rock contain a mysterious substance called "moonseed" that starts to change all inorganic matter on Earth into more moonseed. Over the course of the cataclysmic erosion of Earth, a collective of scientists and engineers in space agencies from around the world desperately try to terraform the Moon for colonization.
Anti-Climacus is a new book by Danish philosopher Kierkegaard. In it he argues that the Christian conception of death is merely another stop along the way of the eternal life. To be in despair is to have reconciled the finite with the infinite, to exist in awareness of one's own self and of God, he says.
Jimson's father was an Academy artist who is heart-broken when Impressionism drives his style from popular taste. Jimson has put aside any consideration of acceptance by either academy or public and paints in fits of creative ecstasy. Although his work is known to collectors and has become valuable, Jimson himself is forced to live from one scam or petty theft to the next.
The play will be based on a game of chess, with chess pieces representing men and states. The Ghost of Ignatius Loyola expresses surprise at finding a rare corner of the world where his order has not been established. The White King James reluctantly finds the White Virgin guilty of slander and rules that the Blacks may discipline her as they see fit.
Odd Thomas is a short order cook in a California desert town. Through his unique ability to understand the dead, he is psychically led to her killer, a former schoolmate named Harlo Landerson. Odd nicknames "Fungus Man" a man who has an unusually large swarm of bodachs following him.
The novel begins on the planet of Arrakis, 35 years before the events of the original novel Dune. Duke Paulus Atreides of the planet Caladan is planning on sending his young son and heir Leto to the court of Earl Earl. The Bene Gesserit are getting closer to their quest to breed the Kwisatz Haderach.
The premise of the book is that everyone who has ever died has gone to Styx, the river that circles the underworld. Each chapter is a short story featuring various souls from history and mythology. In the twelfth chapter the house boat disappears, leading into the sequel, Pursuit of the House-Boat.
Lecter is eight years old at the beginning of the novel when Hitler's invasion of the Soviet Union turns the Baltic region into a part of the bloodiest front line of World War II. Lecter, his sister Mischa, and his parents escape to the family's hunting lodge in the woods to elude the advancing German troops. They survive in the cottage until six former Lithuanian militiamen, led by a Nazi collaborator named Vladis Grutas, storm and loot it. They kill and cannibalize Mischa while Lecter watches helplessly.
The film is about an "off-the-books" intelligence agency situated in direct line-of-sight between the CIA and the NSA. A private military company, Hendley Associates, funds the Campus via stock market trades influenced by the captured intelligence data. The brothers are issued a weapon utilizing succinylcholine, developed by a Columbia University professor whose brother died in the 9/11 attacks.
Marlowe's poem relates the Greek legend of Hero and Leander, youths living in cities on opposite sides of the Hellespont. Hero is a priestess or devotee of Venus in Sestos, who lives in chastity despite being devoted to the goddess of love. Leander falls in love with her, and she reciprocates as she has made a vow of chastity to Venus.
An angel named Raziel is sent to Earth to grant the wish of a child. He decides to help a boy who has witnessed the death of a man dressed as Santa Claus. In his inept attempt to bring the "Santa" back to life, the angel causes the townspeople to be put under siege by zombies.
The story takes place in the mid to late 21st century, but in a world where the Cold War has ended. The Soviets have developed a miniaturization technology that can reduce a man to the dimensions of a molecule, or smaller. Although successful, the process requires an enormous input of energy to accomplish the task.
Sheba falls in love with a 15-year-old pupil, Steven Connolly, who is from a deprived background and has literacy problems. They frequently have sex right from the start of their relationship. Connolly's interest in the affair waning as She Bangs confesses his infatuation with Sheba. Sheba's relationship with Polly deteriorates further when the girl's unruly Polly accuses Sheba of having an affair.
The story is set in the fictional town of Tarker's Mills, Maine. A werewolf is viciously killing people and animals. The protagonist of the story is Marty Coslaw, an eleven-year-old boy in a First victim is Arnie Westrum, who is murdered in a tool-shack during a blizzard when the full moon comes in January. The next victim is an unknown homeless drifter.
Pozdnyshev overhears a conversation concerning marriage, divorce and love. When a woman argues that marriage should not be arranged but based on true love, he asks "what is love?" He then relates how he used to visit prostitutes when he was young, and complains that women's dresses are designed to arouse men's desires.
The Last Hero is a direct sequel to The Last Hero. It sees Simon Templar and his organization taking revenge on an arms dealer named Rayt Marius, following the death of one of Templar's friends. In this book, Sonia Delmar becomes the romantic female lead, replacing Templar's girlfriend of the previous books.
Kurzweil cites various studies showing that increased levels of atherosclerosis in America and other western countries are linked to high levels of caloric fat intake. In much of Asia, fat intake is around ten percent of total food energy consumed, and heart disease there is almost nonexistent. In America, closer to forty percent of caloric intake is from fat.
Randolph Carter dreams three times of a majestic sunset city, but each time he is abruptly snatched away before he can see it up close. When he prays to the gods of dream to reveal the whereabouts of the phantasmal city Carter enters the Enchanted Wood and meets the zoogs, a race of predatory and sentient rodents. The gods of earth have seen the city of Carter's dreams and decided to make it their home, and have thus abandoned Kadath. The ph
The story begins in the year 1910, when this young man is undertaking a lone hiking trip through Provence, France, and into the Alps. The narrator runs out of water in a treeless, desolate valley where only wild lavender grows and there is no trace of civilization except old, empty crumbling buildings. The shepherd, after being widowed, has decided to restore the ruined landscape of the isolated and largely abandoned valley by single-handedly cultivating a forest.
Cloak of Deception was the first appearance of almost all of the new characters and organizations from Star Wars Episode II: Attack of the Clones. While writing the novel, James Luceno was granted access to parts of the screenplay drafts and concept art of Episode II. At the end of chapter 29 the word 'thought' is missing the 't' at the end. In chapter 33, theword 'a' is incorrectly written as 'an'
A series of murders has begun to plague the town of French Landing, Wisconsin. The murderer is dubbed "The Fisherman", due to a conscious effort by the killer to emulate the methods of serial killer Albert Fish. Jack Sawyer has repressed the memories of his adventures in The Territories and his hunt for the Talisman as a twelve year-old boy.
After the wedding, the guests, the families, and the newlywed couple return to the Bride's house. The party progresses, with music and dancing, but the Bride retires to her rooms, claiming to feel tired. The guests then begin searching for the Bride and Groom, hoping to begin a traditional wedding dance. The Mother, frenzied and furious, orders the entire wedding party out into the night to search for the runaways.
Yerma has been married two years. She wants to strengthen her husband, Juan, so he can give her children. María, married five months and already pregnant, asks Yerma to sew for the baby. The couple's friend, Victor, sees Yersma sewing and assumes she is pregnant. His advice: try harder.
Mick Winger has an unusual gift and with it has accidentally killed several people. When Mick gets angry at people, his power manifests itself by launching an attack upon them by giving them cancer, leukemia or related terminal illnesses. If made angry enough, his anger can outright kill the victim. When fifteen, he fled child custody and set out on his own.
An entomologist, Junpei Niki , is on an expedition to collect insects that inhabit sand dunes. When he misses the last bus, villagers suggest he stay the night. They guide him down a rope ladder to a house in a sand quarry where a young widow lives alone. She is employed by the villagers to dig sand for sale and to save the house from burial. Junpei becomes the widow's lover.
Father Quixote is a parish priest in the little town of El Toboso in Spain's La Mancha region. He regards himself as a descendant of Cervantes' character of the same name. He is given the title of monsignor by the Pope, much to the surprise of his bishop.
Nathan Zuckerman is a promising young writer who spends a night in the home of E.I. Lonoff. Also staying in the Lonoff home is Amy Bellette, a young woman with a vague past whom the narrator apparently comes to suspect as being Anne Frank. It only becomes apparent at the end of this section that this conjecture is part of a fiction composed by Zuck Berman.
Nana, an attractive young "non-talker" in her mid-twenties, lives with her "Papa" in Edgware, a suburb of London. She gets to know Moshe, a young Jewish actor from Finsbury, and they start a relationship. As time goes by, Anjali, a friend of Moshe's, joins them more and more in their sparetime activities. Nana suggests a "threesome" because she wants Moshe to be happy.
The Phoenix and the Carpet is a children's fantasy novel. In this volume the children live with both of their parents and their younger brother-the Lamb-in their home. The four children attend a Christmas pantomime at a West End theatre. The Phoenix is so excited by this spectacle that he unintentionally sets fire to the theatre.
Flannery Culp is a senior at Roewer High School in San Francisco. Over the course of the year, Flan records the events of her life in a diary. She and her seven close friends refer to themselves as "The Basic Eight" The plot begins in letters written by Flannery to her love interest, Adam, while on summer vacation.
Father Wolf and Mother Wolf are a pair of Indian wolves raising a family of cubs. They are furious to learn that Shere Khan the lame tiger is hunting in their part of the jungle. But when Father Wolf hears something approaching their den it turns out not to be the tiger but a naked baby. Mother Wolf decides to adopt the hairless "man-cub"
By 1965, the United States and Canada have been at war with the Soviet Union and the Chinese People's Republic for three years. Billy Justin, a 37-year-old commercial artist and Korean War veteran, is working as a dairy farmer in Chiunga Center, New York. The radio announces that Soviet and Chinese forces have overrun the Canadian-American line at El Paso, Texas.
The story takes place aboard an Emergency Dispatch Ship headed for the frontier planet Woden. The pilot, Barton, discovers a stowaway: an eighteen-year-old girl. By law, all EDS stowaways are to be jettisoned because EDS vessels carry no more fuel than is absolutely necessary.
The player takes the role of an adventurer on a quest to find the treasure of a powerful Warlock. The player must then navigate the dungeons beneath Firetop Mountain, battle monsters and attempt to locate the keys. People from a nearby village advise told that the treasure is stored in a chest with two locks, and that the keys are guarded by various creatures.
The main character and the narrator in Armageddon 2419 A.D. is Anthony Rogers, who later appears in the various comic strips, radio shows, and film serials that follow as "Buck Rogers" Rogers recounts the events of the Second War of Independence that precedes the first victory of Americans over Hans, in which he plays an important role.
The novel also deals with issues such as abortion, women's rights, suicide, euthanasia, and eugenics. Not surprisingly, the book triggered a violent campaign against its author who thereafter was vilified in Swedish literary circles. The main character is Dr. Glas, a physician. The antagonist is Reverend Gregorius, a morally corrupt clergyman.
In the 19th century, a boy named Nello becomes an orphan at the age of two when his mother dies in the Ardennes. His grandfather Jehan Daas, who lives in a small village near the city of Antwerp, takes him in. One day, Nello finds a dog who was almost beaten to death and names him Patrasche.
The novel is written in the third-person with flashbacks to specific events in the life of Simón Bolívar. It begins on May 8, 1830 in Santa Fe de Bogotá. The General never leaves South America. He dies in poverty, a shadow of the man who liberated much of the continent.
The story is split into seven sections which cover three different time periods. Most of the novel concentrates on Stephen's life in France before and during the war. The novel also focuses on the life of Stephen's granddaughter, Elizabeth. The first stage is set before the war in Amiens, France. Stephen and Isabelle engage in a passionate affair which they believe is 'right' and will last forever.
Sara Crewe is a seven-year-old beggar girl. She is the missing daughter of Captain Crewe. Her friendliness and love for pretending and storytelling makes her popular with most of the school's students. Sara uses her imagination as a means of coping, pretending that she is still a princess.
Ned Kelly is the son of John "Red" Kelly, an Irishman transported to Van Diemen's Land and eventually settling in the colony of Victoria, Australia. Red Kelly is shown to have numerous brushes with the colonial police forces, resulting in his imprisonment and eventual death when his son Ned was twelve years of age. After the rest of the family resettles in northeast Victoria under the Land Grant Act, Ned's mother attempts to provide for her children by running a shebeen and taking on a series of lovers.
The play centers on a trial to decide whether Bjorn Faulkner has been murdered by his secretary, Karen Andre. The first act begins with the judge asking the court clerk to call jurors from the audience. Faulkners had been a prominent businessman who swindled millions of dollars.
White Noise follows a year in the life of Jack Gladney, a professor who has made his name by pioneering the field of Hitler Studies. The first part of the book, called "Waves and Radiation," is a chronicle of contemporary family life combined with academic satire. The novel becomes a meditation on modern society's fear of death and its obsession with chemical cures.
The narrative focuses almost exclusively on the bleak and unrewarding day-to-day lives of the protagonists. Bruno becomes a saddened loner, wrecked by his upbringing and failure to mature. Michel's pioneering work in cloning removes love from the process of reproduction. Humans are proven, in the end, to be just particles and just as bodies decay they can also be created from particles.
The Man Who Japed is set in the year 2114. After a devastating twentieth century limited nuclear war, a South African military survivor named General Streiter launched a global revolution in 1985. The regime - Moral Reclamation - rules a post-apocalyptic world under its strict ideology. One of Streiter's lineal descendants, Ida Pease Hoyt, is in charge.
Jocelin, the dean of the cathedral, directs the construction of a towering spire funded by his aunt, Lady Alison. The project is carried on against the advice of many, and in particular the warnings of the master builder, Roger Mason. Jocelin interprets the burning heat in his back as an angel, alternately comforting or punishing him depending on the warmth or pain he feels.
Joslyn Musey is an eight-year-old boy who is captured by a pirate. He is taken to the alien homeworld of Aaian-na and trained to be a "assassin-priest" He is eventually sent back to EarthHub to join the spacecarrier, the Macedon. He discovers that his previous distinctions between good and bad no longer apply.
Adam Pennyman attempts to catalog video games into a book called "The Catalogue of Obsolete Entertainments" He is particularly obsessed with the fictional Japanese arcade game Lucky Wander Boy. Many actual classic arcade and home video games are mentioned in the book. The book is published by Simon & Schuster.
An alien is sent to live among Earthlings. He describes his adventures in journal form. He falls in love with an Earthling woman and decides not to go back to his home planet. Events proceed and he and his mate end up on a Sykaosian ship while Earth is destroyed.
Snow Country is a stark tale of a love affair between a Tokyo dilettante and a provincial geisha. The geisha of the hot springs enjoyed nothing like the social status of their more artistically trained sisters in Kyoto and Tokyo. The liaison between the geisha, Komako, and the male protagonist, a wealthy loner, is doomed to failure.
A man called John Douglas has been mysteriously killed in Sussex. Sherlock Holmes and Dr. Watson receive a letter from an informant known by the pseudonym Fred Porlock. Porlock is part of Professor Moriarty's criminal organization. Holmes believes that Moriarty had Douglas killed because Moriarty did not want it to look like a murder.
Detective Inspector Ed Newson has a hunch that the crime has been committed by a psychopath. He links up the new case with a number of older, unsolved ones. It turns out that each victim was a bully many years ago when they went to school. The identity of the killer remains unknown to the final pages of the novel.
The novel deals with the life of the Cossacks living in the Don River valley during the early 20th century, probably around 1912. The plot revolves around the Melekhov family of Tatarsk, who are descendants of a cossack who took a Turkish captive as a wife during the Crimean War.
Ronald Malcolm is a CIA employee who works in a clandestine office in Washington, D.C. One day, when he should be in the office, Malcolm slips out a basement entrance for lunch. In his absence a group of armed men gain entrance to the office and kill everyone there. Malcolm returns, realizes he is in grave danger, and telephones a phone number.
The protagonist of these stories was involved in the creation of a global computer network designed to give ultimate economic control. Using backdoors in the central network, the hero is able to create identities for himself as needed. With this freedom he sets himself up as a freelance investigator and problem solver.
In the village of Werst in the Carpathian mountains of Transylvania, some mysterious things are occurring. A visitor of the region, Count Franz de Télek, is intrigued by the stories. He decides to go to the castle and investigate and finds that the owner of the castle is Baron Rodolphe de Gortz.
This week's cast includes Thunderbird Ron, Macgyver the Mushroom Farmer, Neal the Albino Moontanner, Howie and Satomi Tiger. Brainthrust Leonard, Jabba the Hutt, Mick the English Backpacker and Colin and Stepan John take part. John moves out when her loud sex sessions became too much to bear.
The novel is set in the fictional Swiss village of Karlstein in 1816. The evil Count Karlstein made a deal with Zamiel, the Demon Huntsman. Hildi Kelmar, a castle maidservant, overhears his plan to sacrifice Lucy and Charlotte and tries to save them.
The novel is about a young man called Clitophon. He falls in love with his cousin Leucippe, despite being promised in marriage to his half-sister Calligone. The pair elope together and are captured by Nile delta bandits. They are rescued by the Egyptian army, but the general leads them back to Tyre.
Daphnis and Chloe is the story of a boy and a girl exposed at birth along with some identifying tokens. A goatherd named Lamon discovers Daphnis, and a shepherd called Dryas finds Chloe. Each decides to raise the child he finds as his own.
This world lacks love; but the love this Envoy would bring would bring the Kindness of fervent religion. The force of Art is rarely able to take action, hampered by its own imagination of the consequences. Power represents a strong state, claiming people's loyalty. Growth does not remember his past incarnations, as experience would defeat the purpose of growing.
The book is divided into three parts: In the forest; In the sun; and In the evening. One of the plot devices Abbey uses is to play with time. Art urges Will to leave the forest, get a woman, get fat. Will answers he's staring at the sun.
Koestler looks at the changing relationship between faith and reason. He explores how these seemingly contradictory threads existed harmoniously in many of the greatest intellectuals of the West. Scientists have been at their best when they allowed themselves to behave as "sleepwalkers," instead of trying too earnestly to ratiocinate.
According to the book, after Ptolemy's defeat of Antiochus III in 217 BC at the battle of Raphia, he visited Jerusalem and the Second Temple. However, he was miraculously prevented from entering the building. This led him to hate the Jews and upon his return to Alexandria, he rounded up the Jewish community there to put them to death in his hippodrome.
The work consists of a prologue and two main sections. The first advances the philosophical thesis while the second illustrates the points made using examples drawn from 2 Maccabees under Antiochus IV Epiphanes. The last chapters concern the author's impressions drawn from these martyrdoms. It was composed originally in the Greek language.
Paula Power inherits a medieval castle from her industrialist father. She employs two architects, one local and one, George Somerset, newly qualified from London. Somerset represents modernity in the novel. In the village there is an amateur photographer, William Dare, who is the illegitimate son of Captain De Stancy, an impoverished scion of the family.
The unhappily married Lady Constantine breaks all the rules of social decorum when she falls in love with Swithin St. Cleeve. Her husband's death leaves the lovers free to marry, but the discovery of a legacy forces them apart. This is Hardy's most complete treatment of the theme of love across the class and age divide.
The story takes place in a small woodland village called Little Hintock. It concerns the efforts of an honest woodsman, Giles Winterborne, to marry his childhood sweetheart, Grace Melbury. Her father has made financial sacrifices to give his adored only child a superior education and no longer considers Giles good enough for her.
Septuagint and its derivative translations: &nbsp; = 1 Esdras. King James Version and many successive English translations:  &ngt;1 Esdra. Slavonic bible: & ngt;2 Esdr as.Ethiopic bible:  Ezra Kali.
The novel is set in rural Ireland and is narrated by a dedicated amateur scholar of de Selby. The narrator is bent on finding the cash box, and when Mathers tells him about a remarkable police barracks nearby he resolves to go to the barracks and enlist the help of the police in finding the box.
The book opens with news accounts of the 1984 murder of Brenda Lafferty and her infant daughter Erica. Older brothers Dan and Ron targeted their sister-in-law because they believed she was the reason Ron's wife left him. Both Ron showed the members of the School of Prophets a written "removal revelation" that allegedly called for the killing.
The story revolves around the eventual discovery of the American continents by the Yilané. Being reptiloid and cold-blooded, they target tropical and sub-tropical zones. Eventually, they encounter the humanoids, whom they regard as barely sentient animals. It is not long before a state of conflict exists between the two species.
In the early 21st century, Zane is living a pathetic life without money or employment. As he starts to pull the trigger, he sees the specter of Death advancing on him. Startled, he pulls the gun from his Mortis is Zane's Death Steed who can assume the form of a pale boat, a plane, or a pale limousine.
Hughes started the fire with gasoline poured around the bed Mickey Hughes was sleeping in. After the house had caught fire, Hughes drove with her to the local police station in order to confess. Hughes was tried in Lansing, Michigan, and found by a jury of her peers to be not guilty by reason of temporary insanity.
The novel tells the story of Lara Cameron, a successful real estate developer who came from a broken family in Nova Scotia. Lara's mother dies in childbirth and her Scottish father doesn't want her. After her father's death, Lara makes a deal with the owner of the boarding house to secure her first building in exchange for her body.
The story concerns Paul Dombey, the wealthy owner of the shipping company of the book's title. The book begins when his son is born, and Dombey's wife dies shortly after giving birth. His father pushes his daughter away from him, while she futilely tries to earn his love.
Musa Dagh is presented as a microcosm of late nineteenth- and early twentieth-century Armenian life. Gabriel Bagradian's grandfather had a paternal relationship with the Armenian villages. The novel is a coming-of-age story as well as a classic tale of love and war on the scale of war.
Mrs. Frisby's son, Timothy, is ill just as the farmer Mr. Fitzgibbon begins preparation for spring ploughing. Normally she would move her family, but Timothy would not survive the cold trip to their summer home. She seeks help from the rats who live in a rosebush near her. She discovers the rats have human-level intelligence, with a literate and mechanized society.
Vathek renounces Islam and engages with his mother in a series of licentious and deplorable activities. Vathek develops an insatiable thirst and often goes to a place near a high mountain to drink from one of four fountains there. He holds a "competition" among the children of the nobles of Samarah, declaring that the winners will receive "endless favors"
This story follows the lives of Harry, Marion, Tyrone, and Sara, who are all searching for the key to their dreams. In the process, they get flung into a devastating life of addiction. Harry and Tyrone end up in jail, where Harry's infected arm is amputated. Marion, left alone, begins a life of prostitution to support her addiction. Sara is Harry's lonely, widowed mother.
The novel's setting is the border of Herefordshire, in England and either Brecknockshire, or Radnorshire, in Wales. Culturally the central characters are Welshmen, with the surname Jones. The story is told through the technique of flashback, and portrays the lives of twin brothers, Lewis and Benjamin Jones.
Steinbeck's exploits in saving his boat during the middle of the hurricane foreshadow his fearless, or even reckless, state of mind to dive into the unknown. Steinbeck traveled through cities of great production such as Youngstown, Cleveland, Akron, Toledo, Pontiac, Flint, South Bend, and Gary. He compared what he saw to the Ufizzi in Florence.
Admiral William Riker is a bitter, lonely man in a slow downward spiral following the death forty years earlier of Deanna Troi. Deanna was kidnapped by a Sindareen raiding party, and Riker's Starfleet security force shot down their small craft in the jungle. Riker tracked them down and killed the only surviving captor, leaving Deanna and him alone.
The novel is about the relationship between Kiyoaki Matsugae and Satoko Ayakura. In December, two princes arrive from Siam to study at the Peers School. The absence of Shigeyuki Iinuma makes that year's omiyasama festival more perfunctory than ever.
The book is based on the Bilderberg Group and the myths and mysteries surrounding it. Ben Hartman is vacationing in Switzerland when he meets his old school buddy Jimmy Cavanaugh - who tries to kill him. Meanwhile, U.S. Department of Justice Agent Anna Navarro is recruited by a secretive group within the DoJ to investigate the deaths of a list of influential men around the world.
The first William Howland did not return home to Tennessee on his way back from the War of 1812. He settled on a hill in rural Alabama, overlooking a small river. He was later killed in an Indian raid, but since then, a descendant has lived in the house.
Bass' future Earth is an environment in which the sum of the biota serves as its food chain. All animals other than man are extinct, so meat comes from other humans. The conflict between the Hives and the roving bands of five-toed original Humans, who are reduced to savagery, forms the backdrop of this novel.
The film is set in 1896 in the Sahara. Two officers are drugged and kidnapped by a Tarqui warrior, the procurer for the monstrous Queen Antinea. Antinea, descendant of the rulers of Atlantis, has a cave wall with the 120 niches carved into it, one for each of her lovers.
Buckley was convicted on a trumped-up charge of trespass in 1803 and transported to Australia. He is discovered by aborigines, who regard him as the reincarnation of Murrangurk the shaman, an idea reinforced by Will's epilepsy. Will learns their language and ways, and fits perfectly the role of their healer and holy man.
Margaret Odell, famous Broadway beauty and ex-Follies girl known as "The Canary", is found murdered in her apartment. She has a number of men in her life, ranging from high society to gangsters, and more than one man visited her apartment on the night she dies. Philo Vance's characteristic erudition leads him to a key clue that allows him to penetrate a very clever alibi.
The story involves a series of murders taking place in a wealthy neighborhood of New York. The first murder is accompanied by a note signed "The Bishop" with an extract from the nursery rhyme Who Killed Cock Robin. Midway through the book, an elderly woman confesses to the crimes, but this possibility is discounted.
A member of the wealthy Kenting family is kidnapped, and Philo Vance's suspicions lead him to the victim's home. A mysterious ransom note and the family collection of gems both play a part in the plot. The murderer's suicide with the connivance of Vance.
Bouvard et Pécuchet is a novel by French writer Flaubert. It details the adventures of two Parisian copy-clerks, of the same age and nearly identical temperament. The novel was originally intended to be followed by a large sample of what they copy out.
Nominee Robert Leffingwell is viewed by many conservative senators as an appeaser. Others have doubts about his character. The President decides to get James Morton out of town and proceed with the nomination. Senator Anderson's death turns the majority of the Senate against the President and the Majority Leader.
positive liberty may be understood as self-mastery; and includes one's having a role in choosing who governs the society of which one is a part. negative liberty represents a different, and sometimes contradictory, understanding of the concept of liberty. Positive liberty has been paternalistically re-drawn from the third-person, he argues.
Three siblings, Ben, Tom, and Lindy Potter, meet Professor Savant while visiting the zoo one rainy day. He reveals that there is a magic land called Whangdoodleland that can only be reached through the imagination. The children explore this world. Each time the children return, they venture farther and farther into WhangDoodleland, intending to reach the palace where the Last Whang doodle resides.
This booklet about otters features trivia questions, a giant poster, profiles of many of the otter characters that are featured in the series, and the much anticipated recipe for Shrimp and Hotroot Soup. The book offers insight into the culture and history of otters. It was illustrated by Jonathan Walker.
The story revolves around three friends-Serge, Marc and Yvan-who find their previously solid 15-year friendship on shaky ground. Serge is proud of his 200,000 franc acquisition fully expecting the approval of his friends. For the insecure Yvan, their friendship is his sanctuary...but his attempts at peace-making backfire.
An old man makes his way to a remote cave at Lochnagar. He comes across a cave and, dragging a bathtub inside, claims the place as his own. The Old Man's cave is near the underground home of the Gorn, a clan of Scottish pixies. The Gorn King is an inventor and has created a device which reduces full grown flowers back to seeds.
The story is a parody of the Barrymore family actors, with particular aim taken at John Barrymore and Ethel Barrymore. The character Tony Cavendish, a heavy-drinking womanizer, represents Johnarrymore. Julie Cavendish is the prima donna Broadway star Ethelarry. Ethel was offended and her critical comments were quoted by the press.
The novel begins in the summer of 1983, shortly after Thatcher's landslide victory in the Parliamentary election of that year. Set in Britain in the early to mid-1980s, the story surrounds the young gay protagonist, Nick Guest, who has come down from Oxford with a first in English. Nick moves into the luxurious London home of the wealthy Fedden family.
This book takes place about fifteen years after the end of the original story. Survivors of the Dalton-Quinn tree, a few Carther States jungle dwellers, and two London Tree Citizens have settled on a new tree. This 'Citizen's Tree' has become a stable community which some believe may be too small to survive.
The novel takes place in a far future in which human societies have developed divergently on some 6000 planets. Many of these worlds are shared with intelligent nonhumans, although only one alien species also possesses faster-than-light travel. Many human worlds are aligned with one of two broad factions, one generally permissive and one generally conservative.
The Valley of the squinting windows is a novel by Irish author James MacNamara. It is about an inward-looking society, similar to the Keeping up with the Joneses theme. The novel resulted in a high-profile court case by those who thought they had been described. Hostility against the book led to its burning.
Richard is afflicted by a series of painful headaches. He learns from Shota of his lineage as the bastard son of Darken Rahl and the grandson of Zeddicus Zu'l Zorander. The Sisters tell Richard that he must wear a Rada'Han, a magical collar, in order to control his headaches and the gift.
Meg Murry is worried about her brother Charles Wallace, a 6-year-old genius who is bullied at school by the other children. The new principal of the elementary school is the former high school principal, Mr. Jenkins, who Meg is sure has a grudge against her whole family. Meg learns that the galaxy is threatened by beings called Echthroi, who seek to erase the entire universe by un-Naming things.
Tamello De Fformelo Tussock longs to be part of the Long Patrol at Salamandastron. His father believes that his son is too young to join up. At Redwall Abbey, the inhabitants discover that the south wall is mysteriously sinking into the ground.
Hans van den Broek is an immigrant - Dutch-born and now residing in Manhattan. He's desperate to fit in and goes through the whole rigmarole of gaining his US drivers' license. Connecting with people who play cricket in New York is yet another way he can "connect", albeit with an immigrant underclass.
The novel traces the life of Stanley Brack, captivated by model aircraft as a child. He enters MIT, and in a memorable scene, is interviewed by the head of the School of Aeronautical Engineering. After graduation, he joins Amcraft, the Amalgamated Aircraft Corporation, in Los Angeles.
When Joseph Mason of Groby Park, Yorkshire, died, he left his estate to his family. A codicil to his will, however, left Orley Farm to his much younger second wife and infant son. A bitterly fought court case confirmed thecodicil. Twenty years pass. Lady Mason lives at Orley farm with her adult son, Lucius. Samuel Dockwrath, a tenant, is asked to leave by Lucius, who wants to try new intensive farming methods. Aggrieved, and knowing of the original case , Dockwraths investigates and finds a second deed signed by the same witnesses on the same date. He travels to Groby park in Yorkshire, where Joseph Mason the younger lives with his comically parsimonious wife, and persuades Mason to have Lady Mason prosecuted for forgery.
The storyline involves two factions, both capable of time travel, engaged in long-term war with each other. Their method of battle involves changing the outcome of events throughout history. The two opposing groups are nicknamed the Spiders and the Snakes. The action of the story occurs in a rest and relaxation base between the changing time lanes.
In 1970, the first person narrator, a 23-year-old college drop-out by the name of Willie Traynor, comes to Clanton, Mississippi for an internship at the local newspaper, The Ford County Times. The editor, Wilson Caudle, drives the newspaper into bankruptcy through years of mismanagement. Willie decides to buy the paper spontaneously for fifty-thousand dollars, through money from his wealthy grandmother, and becomes the editor and owner of the paper. Shortly after this, a member of the notorious and scandalous Padgitt family brutally rapes and kills a young widow named Rhoda Kassellaw. The murderer, DannyPadgitt, is tried in front of a jury and is found guilty. Danny threatens to kill each of the jury members, should they convict him. Although they do find him guilty, the jury cannot decide whether to send him to life in prison or to Death Row.
Morgon of Hed and Raederle of An set out to discover the answers to the questions: Who are the shape changers who pursue them?, and Where is the High One, the source of the land law binding the realm together? Along the way they are helped by the wizards of the realm, recently released from the bonds in which Ghisteslwchlohm had held them by Morgon, and by the land heirs/rulers.
While an undergraduate at Harvard, John Lang becomes friends with an Islandian fellow-student named Dorn, and decides to learn the Islandian language. His uncle arranges his appointment as American consul to Islandia, based primarily on his ability to speak the language. He does not undertake this mission right away, preferring to take a little time first to get to know the country and the people.
The novel opens in the 96th year of the Malazan Empire. Erikson skips seven years from the Prologue. The third novel in the series, Memories of Ice, was released in September 2013. The story opens several years into a series of wars.
The poem is about a religious pilgrimage to the shrine of Thomas Beckett. The narrator falls in with a group of pilgrims, and the largest part of the prologue is taken up by a description of them. The pilgrims include a knight, his son a squire, the knight's yeoman, a prioress accompanied by a second nun and the nun's priest.
Main character Abélard Lindsay is born in the ancient lunar colony Mare Serenitatis Circumlunar Corporate Republic. Lindsay joins a ship called the Red Consensus, which doubles as the nation-state of the Fortuna Miners' Democracy. Lindsay and Nora Mavrides become powerful Shaper leaders, thanks to their early contact with the Investors.
Unidentified architects, referred to as "The Builders", designed an underground city with supplies for its inhabitants to survive for 200 years. After completion of the city, the Builders gave the first mayor a locked box that was to be passed down from one mayor to the next. Unknown to the mayors who were to pass it down the line, the box was set to open after 200 years and provide instructions to the city's inhabitants on how to return to the surface. The seventh mayor, hoping that the box might contain a cure for the deadly cough that was infecting many citizens of Ember, takes the box home and tries to break it open. He fails, and dies before he is able to return the box to its rightful place. The story moves forward to the year 245 where the town is running out of supplies and the massive generator that provides the light and power for the city is on its last legs.
The novel is set in a world of environmental catastrophe and extreme socio-economic inequality. Outside crowded cities controlled by a police state, a class of wealthy and powerful "Farmers" exploit a rural prison labor population. The novel is considered influential as both "Travellers" and the idea of the Earthwork have become part of public life in Britain.
On Coruscant, Obi-Wan Kenobi approaches Luke Skywalker in his sleep to say farewell, sending Luke into depression. Leia Organa Solo, three months pregnant with twins, senses Luke's depression and sends C-3PO to speak On Myrkr, smuggler Talon Karrde and his subordinate, Mara Jade, help Thrawn and Pellaeon obtain several creatures called ysalamiri.
The book continues some time after the events of Heir to the Empire. The Old Republic had constructed a fleet of 200 Dreadnaughts that were highly automated. The flagship of this fleet was the Katana. A virus infected the crews of the entire fleet and drove them insane. The madness caused the crews to "slave" the controls of all ships in the fleet.
The book is a first-person narrative of spiritual awakening. The main character undertakes a journey to find and understand a series of nine spiritual insights on an ancient manuscript in Peru. In the novel, the Maya civilization left ruins in Peru where the manuscript was found, whereupon the Incas took up residence in the abandoned Maya cities.
Larsson and Kollberg are reluctantly part of a special task force that needs to solve a spree of bank robberies. Martin Beck is given a pity job after recovering from being shot at the conclusion of The Abominable Man. The incompetence of the Swedish police force has spread to the point that all three detectives are severely hindered in their work.
Nebuchadnezzar is a 14-year-old mute boy who is adopted by a kind-hearted shepherd. He and his dog, Denmark, are thrown off a ship by Captain Vanderdecken. An angel appears in a dream telling them that they must move on at the sound of a bell. Ben, Ned, Amy, Alex, and Mrs. Winn go on a treasure hunt to save the town of Chapelvale.
The story moves to the late 21st century. The most significant technological change is the wide availability of virtual reality interfaces. In Durban, a VR programming instructor named Irene "Renie" Sulaweyo is teaching a Kal Stephen spends much of his time online. When he somehow ends up in a coma after visiting a forbidden club, she and ! Xabbu decide to investigate.
Carthoris is madly in love with Thuvia. This love was foreshadowed at the end of the previous novel. Unfortunately Thuvia is promised to Kulan Tith, Jeddak of Kaol. On Barsoom nothing can break an engagement between a man and woman except death.
In the Discworld story the wizards learn that, once again, the history of Roundworld has changed, resulting in humans failing to leave Earth before the Extinction Level Event. They discover that the difference from established history was that Charles Darwin wrote a book called Theology of Species, which described how evolution must be controlled by a Creator. This was generally accepted by both religious figures and conservative scientists, and led to a certain stagnation of thought.
Poirot labels the five alternative suspects the five little pigs. They comprise Phillip Blake ; Philip's brother, Meredith Blake ; Elsa Greer ; Cecilia Williams, the governess ; and Angela Warren, Caroline's younger half-s Elsa seems emotionally stunted, as though her original passion for Amyas has left her prematurely devoid of emotion, except for hatred for Caroline.
Alvin would be the seventh son of a seventh son, therefore possessing incredible powers as a Maker. Alvin avoids numerous attempts an unknown force to kill him, often helped by the intervention of a mysterious protector. When Alvin is ten, "Taleswapper" a traveling storyteller who arrives in the town Alvin's parents have founded.
In the prologue, which takes place in 1985, Rose Daniels's husband, Norman, beats her while she is four months pregnant. Nine years later, when Rose is making the bed, she notices a drop of blood on the sheet from her nose. Rose realizes that she has passively suffered through Norman's abuse for fourteen years and that if she continues to put up with it, he may well eventually kill her. Rose reluctantly decides to leave Norman, departing from her unidentified city on a bus, with their bank card.
The story is set within a framing narrative told by a supporting character from The Prisoner of Zenda. Most of the same characters recur: Rudolf Elphberg, the dissolute absolute monarch of Ruritania; Rudolf Rassendyll, the English gentleman who had acted as his political decoy.
The novel is narrated by George Ponderevo, who is persuaded by his uncle to help develop the business of selling Tono-Bungay. George devotes seven years to organizing the production and manufacture of a product he believes to be "a damned swindle" He then quits day-to-day involvement with the enterprise in favor of aeronautics, but remains associated with his uncle Edward and his affairs.
The novel is set in the 10th century. The Caliph of Baghdad Al-Muqtadir sends his ambassador, Ahmad ibn Fadlan to the king of the Volga Bulgars. He never arrives but is instead captured by a group of Vikings. This group is sent on a hero's quest to the north.
In The Lyre of Orpheus, the executors of the will of Francis Cornish find themselves at the head of the "Cornish Foundation" They decide that a hitherto-unfinished opera by E.T.A. Hoffmann will be staged at Stratford, Ontario. The story follows the writing and then production of the opera, and the plot of the story arcs in a way that parallels the legend of King Arthur.
A five-year-old Cro-Magnon girl is orphaned and left homeless by an earthquake that destroys her family's camp. She wanders aimlessly, naked and unable to feed herself, for several days. The narrative switches to a group of Neanderthal people, the "Clan", whose cave was destroyed in the earthquake and who are searching for a new home. The medicine woman of the group, Iza, discovers the girl and asks permission to help the ailing child.
Parenti states that current scholars perpetuate the bias that favors an aristocratic interpretation of history. The satirist Juvenal "offers a glimpse of the empire as it really was, a system of rapacious expropriation" Gibbon found human happiness in the Imperial system that Caesar influenced and not the pre-Caesar Republic.
T.H. White's version of the tale elaborates greatly on the passionate love of Lancelot and Guinevere. Suspense is provided by the tension between Lancelot's friendship for King Arthur and his love for and affair with Lancelot. Lancelot, despite being the bravest of the knights, is ugly, and ape-like, so that he calls himself the Che.
The book tells the story of a man named John Gibson, as he breaks up with his girlfriend and moves to Boonville, California. The book portrays the town in a lightly comical manner, bringing to life a number of colorful Mendocino County stereotypes including hippies, rednecks, feminists, and commercial marijuana cultivation.
Macon "Milkman" Dead III derives his nickname from the fact that he was breastfed during childhood. He quickly gains a reputation for being a "Momma's boy" in direct contrast to his best friend, Guitar The first Macon Dead's name was the result of an administrative error when Milkman's grandfather had to register.
The novel is set in a post-visitation world where there are now six Zones known on Earth which are still full of unexplained phenomena. World governments and the UN try to keep tight control over them to prevent leakage of artifacts from Dr. Pilman. The story revolves around Redrick "Red" Schuhart, a tough and experienced stalker.
The story follows the lives of Samad and Archie, who are identical twins. Samad becomes pregnant, and is unsure of the father of her child. Extraordinary consequences result as the seemingly divergent stories of the main characters coalesce. The lives of the Jones and Iqbal families intertwine with that of the Chalfens.
Oswald discovers the world's most powerful aphrodisiac. With the aid of a female accomplice they place it inside chocolate truffles. By this means, the accomplice seduces the most famous men, with the intent of selling their semen to women wishing to be impregnated by them.
The book deals with 12-year-old Cory Mackenson, who grows up in the town of Zephyr, Alabama. The story begins as Cory's father, Tom, watches a car drive straight into a deep lake and sink to the bottom with a passenger inside. Tom tries to save the driver of the car, only to discover that the man is actually a murder victim.
The main plot involved a virus that breaks out and leaves the humans residing on Earth doomed. All humanity's resources are dedicated to a crash program to produce a deep space ark, capable of seeding humanity on a new world. The ship is crewed by six clones; teenage versions of people who achieved great works during the ark project. Prior to its arrival, however, the crew is awoken prematurely to face a threat to the ship, before their memories are complete.
The Death Ship is the story of a US sailor stranded in Antwerp after World War I. The narrator is Gerard Gales, who claims to be from New Orleans. Gales is repeatedly arrested and deported from one country to the next. When he finally manages to find work, it is on the Yorikke.
The story is about the Gregg family that hunts ducks for fun and is narrated by an unnamed eight-year-old girl. The girl possesses a power to punish people who make her cross called "the magic finger" but she has no control over what it does or when it happens.
A hideous, vindictive, spiteful couple known as the Twits live together in a brick house without windows with their abused, mistreated family of pet monkeys, the Muggle-Wumps. Mr. Twit constantly lengthens his wife's cane and chair and convinces her that she is shrinking and needs to be stretched out using helium balloons.
George is an 8-year-old boy who lives in a farm with his mother, father and grandmother. He is fed up with his Grandma's selfishness, grumpiness and her attitude towards him. George seeks to cure it by brewing a very special medicine for her. The resulting overdose causes her to shrink into nothing.
The story is loosely based around Billy, a young boy who has always dreamed of owning a sweet shop, especially since there is an abandoned one named The Grubber near where he lives. One day, he finds that the old building has been renovated and has become the head office for the Ladderless Window-Cleaning Company. Billy then meets its workers, a Giraffe with an extendable neck, a Pelican who can retract his upper beak, and a Monkey, whom he then befriends. They all band together when they receive a letter from the Duke of Hampshire asking them to clean the windows of Hampshire House.
Mr. Hoppy is a shy old man who lives alone in an apartment. For many years, he has been secretly in love with Mrs. Silver, a woman who lives below him. She has a small pet tortoise, Alfie, whom she loves very much. One morning she mentions that Alfie weighs only 13 ounces, and she desires that he become a more attractive weight. This inspires Mr.Hoppy to claim that he can make tortoises grow bigger with a magic spell.
Back-to-Front Dyslexia is a fictional type of dyslexia. It causes the sufferer to say the most important word in a sentence backwards. For example, instead of saying knits, he will say stink; god would be dog etc. It affects only his speech, and he doesn't realize he's doing it.
Chapel is about a baseball player who is about to be traded. On the last day of the season, he pitches a perfect game against the New York Yankees. He reflects on his personal life and especially on Carol, whom he finally realizes that he loves. The book was made into a movie by Sam Raimi.
Like most of Kay's novels, this contains a large amount of political intrigue and religious strife. At the opening of the novel, the peninsula of Al-Rassan is split between three Jaddite kingdoms in the north. The Jaddites begin a holy war against the Asharite kingdoms of Soriyya and Ammuz, in a rough parallel to the Crusades.
Cordelia Gray is hired by a scientist to look into the suicide of his son, Mark. She finds the order of service for St Mark's day in the prayer book. In the margin, she finds Mark's mother's initials, and the letters "A A" written side by side.
Asterix in Britain is a comic book about a single village that defies the Romans. Asterix, Obelix and Anticlimax are sent to Gaul to get a magic potion for the British rebels. The potion is confiscated by the Romans, who test the barrels to find the right one. Eventually the potion is lost in the Thames after an attack from a Roman catapult, though it gives some fish, and a fisherman, superstrength.
 Skinner argues for a more precise definition of freedom, one that allows for his conception of determinism. Skinner suggests that cultural evolution is a way to describe the aggregate of behavior. He also covers cognition, problem solving, self-control and counters some arguments or possible misconceptions. Skinner notes that "We have not yet seen what man can make of man"
After being connected to the death of a woman in London, Bond is called in by M to aid the investigation. The woman is a member of a cult society known as "The Meek Ones", operated by a Father Valentine. Valentine is an alias for Vladimir Scorpius, an arms dealer for several terrorist organisations. As the country's general election approaches, by the use of brainwashed cult members, Scorpius has begun a "holy war" against every man, woman, and child.
The plot concerns the marriage of Michael Anton and Pauline Barclay. They meet when he tends to her bloodied brow in his family's grocery store. The slowly-crumbling marriage finally dissolves when Michael leaves Pauline on their 30th anniversary. For Michael, divorce is a salvation. For Pauline, it's a tragedy that leaves her in despair.
The narrator of the novella is the journalist Paul Pokriefke. He was born on 30 January 1945 on the day that the Strength Through Joy ship, the Wilhelm Gustloff, was sunk. His mother-to-be was among the passengers on the ship and was among those saved when it went down. His life is heavily influenced by these circumstances, above all because his mother Tulla continually urges him to fulfill his 'duty' and to commemorate the event in writing.
The story begins in the Mossflower Wood, where a community of animals suffers under the tyranny of a ruling wildcat named Verdauga. When a mouse from the north, Martin the Warrior, comes to Mossflower Woods, he is captured and brought to the castle Kotir. His sword is broken by Verdauga's daughter, Tsarmina, and he is imprisoned within the Kotir dungeons. Martin and Gonff escape with help from the Corim and join with Dinny the mole and Log a Log Bigclub of the Guosim on a quest to find Boar the Fighter, Badger Lord of Salamandastron.
Christopher McCandless's body is found inside an abandoned bus in Alaska in 1992. He shed his legal name early in his journey, adopting the moniker "Alexander Supertramp" He spent time in Carthage, South Dakota laboring Krakauer recounts in detail his own attempt to climb Devils Thumb in Alaska.
Jim Smiley loves to bet. He bets on anything from the death of Parson Walker's wife to fights between his bulldog pup and other dogs. Once, Jim caught a frog and named it Dan'l Webster. For three months, he trained the frog to jump. Jim carried the frog around in a box.
This book revolves around the badger Lord Brocktree, father of Boar the Fighter, grandfather of Bella of Brockhall, and great-grandfather of Sunflash the Mace. He sets out to find the ancient badger mountain stronghold of Salamandastron. The wildcat Ungatt Trunn, son of Mortspear, Highland King of the North, lays siege to the fortress with his Blue Hordes.
Martin the Warrior tells the story of a young mouse named Martin, a slave in Marshank under the cruel stoat Badrang the Tyrant. A young mousemaid named Laterose, or Rose and a mole named Grumm hear his cry of defiance. They become instrumental in helping Martin, along with a squirrel named Felldoh, and Rose's brother Brome, escape Marshank. After a long series of adventures, the four adventurers reach Noonvale, Rose and Grumm's home.
All mass movements such as fascism, communism, and religion spread by promising a glorious future. Mass movements appeal to frustrated people who are dissatisfied with their current state. Some categories of people who may be attracted to mass movements include poor people, misfits, former soldiers, and people who feel thwarted in their endeavors.
Middle-class small businessman John Wright decides to assassinate the President of the United States. He spends his life savings to carry out the theft of a U.S. Army shipment of the two precursor chemicals that form a deadly nerve gas codenamed VZ. This plan is thwarted by John Graves, a State Department agent who has been tailing Wright.
The story begins in the early 21st century, just as an as-of-yet unnamed automated space probe is about to be sent from Earth to find habitable exoplanets. When it appears that an apocalyptic conflict is approaching, the probe is dubbed the Kuan-Yin, the bodhisattva of childbirth.
The main character of Mortal Engines is Tom Natsworthy, a fifteen-year-old orphan. The book opens with London chasing the town of Salthook over the dry bed of the North Sea, into Europe. Tom links up with Hester and they realise they have to stop London from reaching the Shield-Wall.
 Álex de la Iglesia signs only two pages of this novel. In this introduction he states he's found a laptop computer lost by poet Juan Carlos Satrústegui. On it, he's read a file called Payasos en la lavadora.
The story begins when the two aviators meet Professor Pennyroyal aboard Airhaven, who persuades them to take him as a passenger. They are soon pursued by airships of the Green Storm, and drift helplessly over the Dead Continent. The Green Storm have converted it into a base, where she discovers that they have stolen Anna Fang's body and have turned her into a Stalker. They hope to return the Stalker's memories by showing her Hester.
Boy Willie and Lymon enter into the Charles household at dawn with a truck full of watermelon they intend to sell. Doaker and Doaker are having a conversation about daily events and they muse over the present and the past. Wining Boy is then asked to play the piano, but instead he gives a short speech regarding his inexistence due to playing.
The book deals with the intersecting lives of a group of English Catholics from their years as students at University College London in the early 1950s up to the late 1970s. The characters are confronted with a wide range of issues and experiences including marriage, contraception, adultery, illness, grief and, most important of all, the changes in the Catholic Church.
The book concerns an elephant named Horton, who is convinced by Mayzie to sit on her egg while she takes a short "break" Horton is exposed to the elements, laughed at by his jungle friends, captured by hunters, and finally placed in a traveling circus. When the egg hatches, the creature that emerges is an "elephant-bird" cross between Horton and Mayzie.
Moonseed is an exploration of what could possibly happen when rock returned from the Apollo 18 mission. In the book, the rock contain a mysterious substance called "moonseed" that starts to change all inorganic matter on Earth into more moonseed. Over the course of the cataclysmic erosion of Earth, a collective of scientists and engineers in space agencies from around the world desperately try to terraform the Moon for colonization.
Anti-Climacus is a new book by Danish philosopher Kierkegaard. In it he argues that the Christian conception of death is merely another stop along the way of the eternal life. To be in despair is to have reconciled the finite with the infinite, to exist in awareness of one's own self and of God, he says.
Jimson's father was an Academy artist who is heart-broken when Impressionism drives his style from popular taste. Jimson has put aside any consideration of acceptance by either academy or public and paints in fits of creative ecstasy. Although his work is known to collectors and has become valuable, Jimson himself is forced to live from one scam or petty theft to the next.
The play will be based on a game of chess, with chess pieces representing men and states. Act 3, Scene 2 involves a good deal of sexual innuendo and physical action-much of it suggestive of anal intercourse. The Black Knight makes two long speeches boasting about the Blacks' sexual licentious All of the remaining Blacks are sent to the bag.
Odd Thomas is a short order cook in a California desert town. Through his unique ability to understand the dead, he is psychically led to her killer, a former schoolmate named Harlo Landerson. Odd nicknames "Fungus Man" a man who has an unusually large swarm of bodachs following him.
The novel begins on the planet of Arrakis, 35 years before the events of the original novel Dune. Duke Paulus Atreides of the planet Caladan is planning on sending his young son and heir Leto to the court of Earl Earl. The Bene Gesserit are getting closer to their quest to breed the Kwisatz Haderach.
The premise of the book is that everyone who has ever died has gone to Styx, the river that circles the underworld. Each chapter is a short story featuring various souls from history and mythology. In the twelfth chapter the house boat disappears, leading into the sequel, Pursuit of the House-Boat.
Lecter is eight years old at the beginning of the novel when Hitler's invasion of the Soviet Union turns the Baltic region into a part of the bloodiest front line of World War II. Lecter, his sister Mischa, and his parents escape to the family's hunting lodge in the woods to elude the advancing German troops. They survive in the cottage until six former Lithuanian militiamen, led by a Nazi collaborator named Vladis Grutas, storm and loot it. They kill and cannibalize Mischa while Lecter watches helplessly.
The film is about an "off-the-books" intelligence agency situated in direct line-of-sight between the CIA and the NSA. A private military company, Hendley Associates, funds the Campus via stock market trades influenced by the captured intelligence data. The brothers are issued a weapon utilizing succinylcholine, developed by a Columbia University professor whose brother died in the 9/11 attacks.
Marlowe's poem relates the Greek legend of Hero and Leander, youths living in cities on opposite sides of the Hellespont. Hero is a priestess or devotee of Venus in Sestos, who lives in chastity despite being devoted to the goddess of love. Leander falls in love with her, and she reciprocates as she has made a vow of chastity to Venus.
An angel named Raziel is sent to Earth to grant the wish of a child. He decides to help a boy who has witnessed the death of a man dressed as Santa Claus. In his inept attempt to bring the "Santa" back to life, the angel causes the townspeople to be put under siege by zombies.
The story takes place in the mid to late 21st century, but in a world where the Cold War has ended. The Soviets have developed a miniaturization technology that can reduce a man to the dimensions of a molecule, or smaller. Although successful, the process requires an enormous input of energy to accomplish the task.
Sheba falls in love with a 15-year-old pupil, Steven Connolly, who is from a deprived background and has literacy problems. They frequently have sex right from the start of their relationship. Connolly's interest in the affair waning as She Bangs confesses his infatuation with Sheba. Sheba's relationship with Polly deteriorates further when the girl's unruly Polly accuses Sheba of having an affair.
The story is set in the fictional town of Tarker's Mills, Maine. A werewolf is viciously killing people and animals. The protagonist of the story is Marty Coslaw, an eleven-year-old boy in a First victim is Arnie Westrum, who is murdered in a tool-shack during a blizzard when the full moon comes in January. The next victim is an unknown homeless drifter.
Pozdnyshev overhears a conversation concerning marriage, divorce and love. When a woman argues that marriage should not be arranged but based on true love, he asks "what is love?" He then relates how he used to visit prostitutes when he was young, and complains that women's dresses are designed to arouse men's desires.
The Last Hero is a direct sequel to The Last Hero. It sees Simon Templar and his organization taking revenge on an arms dealer named Rayt Marius, following the death of one of Templar's friends. In this book, Sonia Delmar becomes the romantic female lead, replacing Templar's girlfriend of the previous books.
Kurzweil cites various studies showing that increased levels of atherosclerosis in America and other western countries are linked to high levels of caloric fat intake. In much of Asia, fat intake is around ten percent of total food energy consumed, and heart disease there is almost nonexistent. In America, closer to forty percent of caloric intake is from fat.
Randolph Carter dreams three times of a majestic sunset city, but each time he is abruptly snatched away before he can see it up close. When he prays to the gods of dream to reveal the whereabouts of the phantasmal city Carter enters the Enchanted Wood and meets the zoogs, a race of predatory and sentient rodents. The gods of earth have seen the city of Carter's dreams and decided to make it their home, and have thus abandoned Kadath. The ph
The story begins in the year 1910, when this young man is undertaking a lone hiking trip through Provence, France, and into the Alps. The narrator runs out of water in a treeless, desolate valley where only wild lavender grows and there is no trace of civilization except old, empty crumbling buildings. The shepherd, after being widowed, has decided to restore the ruined landscape of the isolated and largely abandoned valley by single-handedly cultivating a forest.
Cloak of Deception was the first appearance of almost all of the new characters and organizations from Star Wars Episode II: Attack of the Clones. While writing the novel, James Luceno was granted access to parts of the screenplay drafts and concept art of Episode II. At the end of chapter 29 the word 'thought' is missing the 't' at the end. In chapter 33, theword 'a' is incorrectly written as 'an'
A series of murders has begun to plague the town of French Landing, Wisconsin. The murderer is dubbed "The Fisherman", due to a conscious effort by the killer to emulate the methods of serial killer Albert Fish. Jack Sawyer has repressed the memories of his adventures in The Territories and his hunt for the Talisman as a twelve year-old boy.
After the wedding, the guests, the families, and the newlywed couple return to the Bride's house. The party progresses, with music and dancing, but the Bride retires to her rooms, claiming to feel tired. The guests then begin searching for the Bride and Groom, hoping to begin a traditional wedding dance. The Mother, frenzied and furious, orders the entire wedding party out into the night to search for the runaways.
Yerma has been married two years. She wants to strengthen her husband, Juan, so he can give her children. María, married five months and already pregnant, asks Yerma to sew for the baby. The couple's friend, Victor, sees Yersma sewing and assumes she is pregnant. His advice: try harder.
Mick Winger has an unusual gift and with it has accidentally killed several people. When Mick gets angry at people, his power manifests itself by launching an attack upon them by giving them cancer, leukemia or related terminal illnesses. If made angry enough, his anger can outright kill the victim. When fifteen, he fled child custody and set out on his own.
An entomologist, Junpei Niki , is on an expedition to collect insects that inhabit sand dunes. When he misses the last bus, villagers suggest he stay the night. They guide him down a rope ladder to a house in a sand quarry where a young widow lives alone. She is employed by the villagers to dig sand for sale and to save the house from burial. Junpei becomes the widow's lover.
Father Quixote is a parish priest in the little town of El Toboso in Spain's La Mancha region. He regards himself as a descendant of Cervantes' character of the same name. He is given the title of monsignor by the Pope, much to the surprise of his bishop.
Nathan Zuckerman is a promising young writer who spends a night in the home of E.I. Lonoff. Also staying in the Lonoff home is Amy Bellette, a young woman with a vague past whom the narrator apparently comes to suspect as being Anne Frank. It only becomes apparent at the end of this section that this conjecture is part of a fiction composed by Zuck Berman.
Nana, an attractive young "non-talker" in her mid-twenties, lives with her "Papa" in Edgware, a suburb of London. She gets to know Moshe, a young Jewish actor from Finsbury, and they start a relationship. As time goes by, Anjali, a friend of Moshe's, joins them more and more in their sparetime activities. Nana suggests a "threesome" because she wants Moshe to be happy.
The Phoenix and the Carpet is a children's fantasy novel. In this volume the children live with both of their parents and their younger brother-the Lamb-in their home. The four children attend a Christmas pantomime at a West End theatre. The Phoenix is so excited by this spectacle that he unintentionally sets fire to the theatre.
Flannery Culp is a senior at Roewer High School in San Francisco. Over the course of the year, Flan records the events of her life in a diary. She and her seven close friends refer to themselves as "The Basic Eight" The plot begins in letters written by Flannery to her love interest, Adam, while on summer vacation.
Father Wolf and Mother Wolf are a pair of Indian wolves raising a family of cubs. They are furious to learn that Shere Khan the lame tiger is hunting in their part of the jungle. But when Father Wolf hears something approaching their den it turns out not to be the tiger but a naked baby. Mother Wolf decides to adopt the hairless "man-cub"
Billy Justin, a 37-year-old commercial artist and Korean War veteran, is working as a dairy farmer in Chiunga Center, New York. The radio announces that Soviet and Chinese forces have overrun the Canadian-American line at A paraplegic comes to Justin's farm asking for work. He and Justin join a conspiracy to finish the real satellite, a manned space station.
The story takes place aboard an Emergency Dispatch Ship headed for the frontier planet Woden. The pilot, Barton, discovers a stowaway: an eighteen-year-old girl. By law, all EDS stowaways are to be jettisoned because EDS vessels carry no more fuel than is absolutely necessary.
The player takes the role of an adventurer on a quest to find the treasure of a powerful Warlock. The player must then navigate the dungeons beneath Firetop Mountain, battle monsters and attempt to locate the keys. People from a nearby village advise told that the treasure is stored in a chest with two locks, and that the keys are guarded by various creatures.
The main character and the narrator in Armageddon 2419 A.D. is Anthony Rogers, who later appears in the various comic strips, radio shows, and film serials that follow as "Buck Rogers" Rogers fell into a state of suspended animation after being exposed to radioactive gas. He remained in sleep for 492 years.
The novel also deals with issues such as abortion, women's rights, suicide, euthanasia, and eugenics. Not surprisingly, the book triggered a violent campaign against its author who thereafter was vilified in Swedish literary circles. The main character is Dr. Glas, a physician. The antagonist is Reverend Gregorius, a morally corrupt clergyman.
In the 19th century, a boy named Nello becomes an orphan at the age of two when his mother dies in the Ardennes. His grandfather Jehan Daas, who lives in a small village near the city of Antwerp, takes him in. One day, Nello finds a dog who was almost beaten to death and names him Patrasche.
The novel is written in the third-person with flashbacks to specific events in the life of Simón Bolívar. It begins on May 8, 1830 in Santa Fe de Bogotá. The General never leaves South America. He dies in poverty, a shadow of the man who liberated much of the continent.
The story is split into seven sections which cover three different time periods. Most of the novel concentrates on Stephen's life in France before and during the war. The novel also focuses on the life of Stephen's granddaughter, Elizabeth. The first stage is set before the war in Amiens, France. Stephen and Isabelle engage in a passionate affair which they believe is 'right' and will last forever.
Sara Crewe is a seven-year-old beggar girl. She is the missing daughter of Captain Crewe. Her friendliness and love for pretending and storytelling makes her popular with most of the school's students. Sara uses her imagination as a means of coping, pretending that she is still a princess.
Ned Kelly's father, John "Red" Kelly, was an Irishman transported to Van Diemen's Land and eventually settling in the colony of Victoria, Australia. Red Kelly is shown to have numerous brushes with the colonial police forces. Kelly is arrested and sentenced to three years in prison for reception of a stolen horse. Kelly eventually leaves Power and returns to his family's settlement.
The play centers on a trial to decide whether Bjorn Faulkner has been murdered by his secretary, Karen Andre. The first act begins with the judge asking the court clerk to call jurors from the audience. Faulkners had been a prominent businessman who swindled millions of dollars.
White Noise follows a year in the life of Jack Gladney, a professor who has made his name by pioneering the field of Hitler Studies. The first part of the book, called "Waves and Radiation," is a chronicle of contemporary family life combined with academic satire. The novel becomes a meditation on modern society's fear of death and its obsession with chemical cures.
The narrative focuses almost exclusively on the bleak and unrewarding day-to-day lives of the protagonists. Bruno becomes a saddened loner, wrecked by his upbringing and failure to mature. Michel's pioneering work in cloning removes love from the process of reproduction. Humans are proven, in the end, to be just particles and just as bodies decay they can also be created from particles.
The Man Who Japed is set in the year 2114. After a devastating twentieth century limited nuclear war, a South African military survivor named General Streiter launched a global revolution in 1985. The regime - Moral Reclamation - rules a post-apocalyptic world under its strict ideology. One of Streiter's lineal descendants, Ida Pease Hoyt, is in charge.
Jocelin, the dean of the cathedral, directs the construction of a towering spire funded by his aunt, Lady Alison. The project is carried on against the advice of many, and in particular the warnings of the master builder, Roger Mason. Jocelin interprets the burning heat in his back as an angel, alternately comforting or punishing him depending on the warmth or pain he feels.
Joslyn Musey is an eight-year-old boy who is captured by a pirate. He is taken to the alien homeworld of Aaian-na and trained to be a "assassin-priest" He is eventually sent back to EarthHub to join the spacecarrier, the Macedon. He discovers that his previous distinctions between good and bad no longer apply.
Adam Pennyman attempts to catalog video games into a book called "The Catalogue of Obsolete Entertainments" He is particularly obsessed with the fictional Japanese arcade game Lucky Wander Boy. Many actual classic arcade and home video games are mentioned in the book. The book is published by Simon & Schuster.
An alien is sent to live among Earthlings. He describes his adventures in journal form. He falls in love with an Earthling woman and decides not to go back to his home planet. Events proceed and he and his mate end up on a Sykaosian ship while Earth is destroyed.
Snow Country is a stark tale of a love affair between a Tokyo dilettante and a provincial geisha. The geisha of the hot springs enjoyed nothing like the social status of their more artistically trained sisters in Kyoto and Tokyo. The liaison between the geisha, Komako, and the male protagonist, a wealthy loner, is doomed to failure.
John Douglas was a member of a gang in Vermissa Valley. Gang member Ted Baldwin had come to England to kill Douglas. Baldwin's clothes were wrapped up in a bundle, weighted with the dumbbell, and thrown into the moat. Holmes believes that Moriarty had Douglas killed, because Moriarty did not want it to look.
Detective Inspector Ed Newson has a hunch that the crime has been committed by a psychopath. He links up the new case with a number of older, unsolved ones. It turns out that each victim was a bully many years ago when they went to school. The identity of the killer remains unknown to the final pages of the novel.
The novel deals with the life of the Cossacks living in the Don River valley during the early 20th century, probably around 1912. The plot revolves around the Melekhov family of Tatarsk, who are descendants of a cossack who took a Turkish captive as a wife during the Crimean War.
Ronald Malcolm is a CIA employee who works in a clandestine office in Washington, D.C. One day, when he should be in the office, Malcolm slips out a basement entrance for lunch. In his absence a group of armed men gain entrance to the office and kill everyone there. Malcolm returns, realizes he is in grave danger, and telephones a phone number.
Ness prepared one map of Prydain for each of the five novels. The last, best-informed, and largest scale map illustrates book five, The High King. "The Foundling" tells of Dallben, raised from infancy to manhood by the witches. Taran inherits his brooch, whose gift and burden.
Thoreau argues that governments are typically more harmful than helpful. Democracy is no cure for this, as majorities do not also gain the virtues of wisdom and justice. Abolitionists should withdraw their support of the government and stop paying taxes, he says. Thoreau: Government is man-made, not an element of nature or an act of God.
Gavallan, based in Scotland, runs S-G Helicopter company operating in Iran during the Shah's reign. The pilots' escape efforts form the basic story and the action sweeps across many lives. The settings for the story are the western and southwestern parts of Iran, as well as neighboring Persian Gulf states, Turkey to Lake Van.
Arthur Burdon, a renowned English surgeon, is visiting Paris to see his fiancée, Margaret Dauncey. Margaret is studying art in Parisian school, along with her friend Susie Boyd. They meet Oliver Haddo, who claims to be a magician and is an acquaintance of Arthur's mentor, the retired doctor and occult scholar Dr Porhoët. In revenge, HADDo uses both his personality and his magic to seduce Margaret, despite her initial revulsion towards him. They get married and run away from Paris, leaving merely a note to inform Arthur, Susie and Porhoett.
The novel is set in the early years of the 19th century. Silas Marner, a weaver, is falsely accused of stealing the congregation's funds. Molly tries to make her way into town with her two-year-old child, to prove that she is Godfrey's wife and ruin him.
The dialogue begins just after Gorgias has given a speech. Callicles says that Gorgia is a guest in his home, and has agreed to a private audience with Socrates and his friend Chaerephon. Socrates calls rhetoric a form of flattery, or pandering, and compares it to pastry baking and beautification.
Harvey Metcalfe, a Polish immigrant to the United States, rises from messenger boy to corporate magnate. By the 1960s, he is a multi-millionaire. But by selling inflated oil stock, he has cheated the wrong men. Stephen Bradley, an American professor at University of Oxford, Dr Robin Oakley, a Harley Street physician, Jean-Pierre Lamanns, a French art dealer with a gallery in London, and James Brigsley, heir to an earldom. Each has bought stock and suffered when it failed.
Operation Mincemeat involved the acquisition and dressing up of a human cadaver as a "Major William Martin, R.M." and putting it into the sea near Huelva, Spain. Attached to the dead body was a brief-case containing fake letters falsely stating that the Allied attack would be against Sardinia and Greece rather than Sicily. When the body was found, the Spanish Intelligence Service passed copies of the papers to the German Intelligence Service which passed them on to their High Command.
Balzac's novel opens with a lengthy exploration of the characters' histories. At the start of the novel, Adeline Hulot is being pressured into an affair by a wealthy perfumer. Bette has rejected a series of marriage proposals from middle-class suitors.
I am Charlotte Simmons is the story of college student Charlotte Simmons's first semester-and-a-half at the prestigious Dupont University. A high school graduate from a poverty-stricken rural town, her intelligence and hard work at The story of the night soon spreads across campus, increasing Hoyt's popularity on campus.
The story begins with the suffering of a boy oracle, or medium, about to be sealed alive into a pyramid chamber for three days. The story follows him through his lonely despair until he becomes the honoured companion of a king. At this time the high priests of the god Amun are rich and powerful enough to challenge a king...
First Love is an example of a frame story. Vladimir Petrovich, a 16-year-old, falls in love with Zinaida Alexandrovna Zasyekina. Vladimir discovers that the true object of her affection is his own father, Pyotr Vasilyevich. The story within the story then continues from his notebook, which recounts the memory of his first love.
Hatshepsut established Amun as the chief god of Egypt, bestowing his Priesthood with unprecedented riches and power. Part of Moyra Caldecott's Egyptian sequence, which also includes Akhenaten: Son of the Sun and Tutankhamun and the Daughter of Ra.
The novel opens with 19-year-old Roy Hobbs on a train to Chicago. The novel picks up 16 years later in the dugout of the New York Knights, a fictional National League baseball team. The book ends with Hobbs seeking out the judge, Memo, and Gus Sands, hitting both the judge and Sands.
The cast of characters includes the spoiled Swiss milkmaid incarnation Heidi, her doting mother Cornelia, her brother Whit, Kate's not-so-secret unwanted admirer, and Pogo, a librarian who can only speak in nursery rhymes.  When the school district of Whittaker Magnet School expands to cover Kate and George's duplex, they are forced to go to the frightening school.
The novel is narrated by 29-year-old Barnaby, whose life has gone off the rails since he was caught robbing neighborhood homes as an adolescent. Barnaby now works for a company called Rent-a-Back, doing odd jobs for elderly clients. He also waits, without much hope, for a visitation from the Gaitlin angel, who first suggested to Barnaby's great-grandfather the invention of the wooden dress form. He finds his angel but perhaps not where he expects. He believes his angel was 36 year old Sophia Mayard.
The novel is set in the fictional town of Abalone, Arizona. A "Catalogue" notes all the people, places, items and mythological beings mentioned in the novel. The ritual ends when the god himself slays a virgin, her unrequited lover and the priest.
The play is set in the fictional St. Nicholas Church School, in the Bronx, during the fall of 1964. It opens with a sermon by Father Flynn, a beloved and progressive parish priest, addressing the importance of uncertainty. The school's principal, Sister Aloysius, a rigidly conservative nun vowed to the order of the Sisters of Charity, insists upon constant vigilance.
The Hidden Curriculum is a book in seven chapters. The title is a phrase coined by Philip Jackson in a 1968 essay entitled "Life in Classrooms" Some students do not realize there is a disjunction between the two curricula, writes Snyder. Attempts to beat the "competitive game" often only worsen the situation.
Iraq invades Kuwait and the British and Americans need top level intelligence on the ground. Dr. Gerald Bull designs a supergun codenamed Project Babylon for Iraq. Israel agrees to let the Americans run Jericho-if they can find him. Mike Martin is recalled from Kuwait and sent into Iraq to run Jericho.
The Walrus and the Carpenter are the eponymous characters in the poem. The poem is recited by Tweedledum and Tweedlingee to Alice. After hearing the poem, the good-natured Alice attempts to determine which of the two leading characters might be the more sympathetic.
As the trilogy continues, the reader is introduced to Ashlar, founder of a multi-million dollar toy corporation based in New York City. The Talamasca has been in turmoil of late. Aaron and Yuri try to unite Lasher with a female Taltos. They kidnap Stuart Gordon, an elderly member who has also had a hand in the death and the mysterious go of Ashlar.
Much of the novel focuses on Richard's interactions with the Bandakar people. They are descendants of the house of Rahl who were banished into the Old World thousands of years before. Richard uses his gift to piece together the what and how of creating the antidote himself. Zedd and Adie are saved from destruction by three independently orchestrated rescue attempts.
Tom Builder roams southern England, seeking work. He encounters a woman Ellen, who lives in a forest cave with her son, Jack. Tom settles in Kingsbridge with Ellen and Jack, and his own two children. Jack and Aliena make love on the morning of her wedding. Ellen curses the wedding and renders him impotent.
Blood of the Fold resumes from the preceding novel, Stone of Tears. Richard Rahl has just reunited with his future wife, Kahlan Amnell, the Mother Confessor, in a place between worlds. Richard ends the Midlands alliance and the rule of the Confessors, taking control of Aydindril.
Temple of the Winds picks up shortly after where the last volume, Blood of the Fold, left off. A Sister of the Dark travels through Aydindril spreading a magical plague. Nathan rescues a woman named Clarissa from a life of slavery in the Imperial Order.
Continues from Temple of the Winds. Ann infiltrates the Imperial Order in order to save the Sisters of the Light under Jagang's enslavement. We are also given a glimpse at the Anderith Army, which is seriously under-trained and little more than children.
The book is the story of a young man, William Crimsworth, and is a first-person narrative from his perspective. It describes his maturation, his loves and his eventual career as a professor at an all-girls school. The story starts off with a letter William has sent to his friend Charles, detailing his refusal to his uncle's proposals to become a clergyman.
Clara del Valle has paranormal powers and keeps a detailed diary of her life. Using her powers, Clara predicts a death in the family. Clara gives birth to a daughter named Blanca and later, to twin boys Jaime and Nicolás. Esteban Trueba becomes isolated from every member of his family except for little Alba, whom he is very fond of.
An elderly man named Eddie works as the head of maintenance at an amusement park called Ruby Pier. Eddie is able to perform this job despite leg injuries he received as a soldier during World War II. On Eddie's birthday, one of the Eddie finds out that he is dead, has gone to heaven and has to meet five people who significantly impacted his life.
Shantaram is a novel influenced by real events in the life of the author, Australian Gregory David Roberts. In 1978, Roberts was sentenced to 19-year imprisonment in Australia after being convicted of a series of armed robberies. The novel describes a number of foreigners of various origins, as well as local Indians.
Alex Haley claims to have traced his family history back to "the African," Kunta Kinte, captured by members of a contentious tribe and sold to slave traders in 1767. Haley researched African village customs, slave-trading and the history of African Americans in America. He created a colorful and fictional history of his family from the mid-eighteenth century through the early-twentieth century.
The novel opens in early 1945. Peter Marlowe, a young RAF Flight Lieutenant, has been a P.O.W. since 1942. He comes to the attention of the "King", an American corporal who has become the most successful trader and black marketeer in Changi, when the King sees him conversing in Malay.
Saul Garamond returns to the flat he shares with his father in London late one evening, skipping on greetings and heading straight to bed. In the morning he is awakened by police pounding on the door, come to arrest him. Saul follows King Rat exploring the secrets of London, from the rooftops to the sewers. King Rat reveals to Saul that he is his uncle by way of Saul's mother being a rat.
The novel begins with adventurer Sir Richard Francis Burton waking up after his death on a strange new world made up of one ongoing river. He discovers that he is but one of billions of previously dead personalities from throughout Earth's history stretching from the Neolithic age through 2008 AD also 'resurrected'
Sam Clemens is traveling with the crew of a Viking longboat, captained by Eric Bloodaxe, who is notable for having an axe made of metal. Clemens and Bloodaxe have allied in order to find the source of this Clemens had been contacted by a mysterious being whom he named X. X claimed to be a member of the beings who were responsible for resurrection.
The story of Richard Francis Burton and his friends is the shortest of the three plotlines. The real Peter Jairus Frigate is unaware that an alien agent has been posing as him. The story of the nation of Parolando is told in the third stream of the novel.
Men with strange accents and oddly mottled clothing approach Robert E. Lee at the headquarters of the Army of Northern Virginia. The men call their organization "America Will Break" The weapons operate on chemical and engineering principles unknown to Confederate military The AWB establish a base in the little town of Rivington, making it into a combined fortress and arsenal.
Ethan considers letting his normally high standards of conduct take a brief respite in order to attain a better social and economic position. His decision to gain wealth and power is influenced by criticisms and advice from people around him. Ethan also considers, plans, and mentally rehearses a bank robbery, stopping short of carrying it out only because of external circumstances.
The stories revolve around the wealthy Cornelii family, who live outside the town of Baiae in the Roman province of Campania in AD 80. The family is made up of Gaius Cornelius, a Roman senator, his wife Cornelia and his children Sextus, Marcus and Flavia.
Francois, the narrator of the book, is the son of M. Seurel, who is the director of the school in a small village in the Sologne. Augustin Meaulnes, who comes from a poor background, soon disappears. He returns from an escapade he had which was an incredible and magical costume party.
A converted fishing trawler carries a movie-making crew across the Barents Sea to isolated Bear Island, well above the Arctic Circle. En route, members of the movie crew and ship's company begin to die under mysterious circumstances. The crew's doctor, Marlowe, finds himself enmeshed in a violent, multi-layered plot.
Last Son of Krypton is Elliot S. Maggin's first Superman novel. It tells the "life story" of Superman; from his birth on the planet Krypton to his childhood in Smallville and his career as Superboy. The main antagonist in this story is a mysterious alien ruler with ties to Superman's past.
In the story, Samael, the ruler of Hell, sends his greatest agent of evil, C. W. Saturn, to Earth. Saturn is able to enter our dimension thanks to Lex Luthor having used a form of magic to escape prison, leaving a 'hole' between worlds. At the same time, Kristin Wells, a journalism student from the far future, uses time travel technology to arrive in the present, for the purpose of finding out the origin of Miracle Monday.
Ivan Smetski is a young Ukrainian-American linguist who specializes in Old Church Slavonic, a language from 10th-century Russia. In 1992, Ivan returns to his native town of Kiev to pursue additional graduate studies. While there he discovers the body of a woman, apparently sleeping in the woods. He awakens her with a kiss, and she tells him she is a princess of the kingdom of Taina.
The novel starts with a "man on the street" news interview in August 1972, in which an unnamed man gives his angry opinion of the highway extension project. The narrative then jumps forward to November 1973, with Dawes, seemingly unaware of the underlying motivations of his actions, visiting a gun shop and purchasing a heavy-caliber pistol and rifle. As the story progresses, it is revealed that Dawes' son Charlie had died from brain cancer several years earlier.
The first chapter is entitled "A Short History of Counting" It describes the progression of numbers from being considered divine in early history to their present day pragmatism. The book tells the stories of various historical figures and how they relate to the book's concept. Boyle thinks we should try to bridge the gap between the eastern and western view of numbers.
Marlowe's play telescopes most of Edward II's reign into a single narrative. It begins with the recall of his favourite, Piers Gaveston, from exile. The play ends with his son, Edward III, executing Mort Gavestone. The king himself is taken first to Kenilworth.
The main characters are Elicio and Erastro, best friends and enamoured with Galatea. The novel opens with her and her best friend, Florisa, bathing, talking of love. Eventually, all four of them begin their journey to the wedding of Daranio and Silveria.
The book is set in 1771 during famine in Bengal. Kalyani, a housewife, is fleeing through the forest with her infant, trying to escape from man-hunters who will sell her for food. A Hindu monk, stumbles upon her and the baby, but before he can help her, he is arrested by the British soldiers. While being dragged away he spots another priest who is not wearing his distinctive robes and sings, taking them to a rebel priest hideout.
Pandora was born with the name Lydia in the Roman Republic in the year 15 BC. She is tall, with rippling brown hair and gold-brown eyes. She meets Marius for the first time when he is twenty- Pandora's father holds a high rank as a Senator. Her family is betrayed by her own brother and killed. Only Pandora and her traitorous brother survive.
The piece is written with cynical humor, but is serious in tone. As the play begins, a serial killer is preying on young women in the city. Narration is provided by Benita, a prostitute with psychic ability whose mental gifts will figure prominently in the resolution of the plot.
Lest Darkness Fall is written along lines similar to those of Mark Twain's A Connecticut Yankee in King Arthur's Court. American archaeologist Martin Padway is visiting the Pantheon in Rome in 1938. A thunderstorm arrives, lightning cracks. In real history, shortly after this the Byzantine or Eastern Roman Empire temporarily expanded westwards.
The Feminine Mystique is a book about the unhappiness of women in the 1950s and early 1960s. It discusses the lives of several housewives from around the United States who were unhappy despite living in material comfort and being happily. Many women dropped out of school early to marry, afraid that if they waited too long or became too educated, Sigmund Freud saw women as childlike.
The book depicts many actual historical events with a rich style, although Mikael's involvement in the events is fictitious. The historical events and millieus featured in the book include: *Denmark's conquest of Sweden, Stockholm bloodbath and eventually the downfall of king Christian II of Denmark.
Every sentence has two meanings - one in the novel and one that tells something about Communism. For example, the Pharaoh Cheops desires to build a pyramid so large that it will drain the prosperity out of Egypt, and an unprosperous people will not rebel.
Shiwan Khan, heir to Genghis Khan, is in the United States to steal military technology in order to build his own army. He hypnotises Paul Brent of Globe Aircraft through the electronic lights of a nearby billboard. The Shadow enters the story when Shiwan Khan attempts to dispose of Paul Brent.
Nathan's travels lead him to Rome to fight as a retiarius, and on his return to Palestine to become involved with the Apostles, the Zealots and the Essenes. He loves Shelomith , who does not return his affections due to her unrequited love for Yeshua.
I Know Why the Caged Bird Sings follows Marguerite's life from the age of three to seventeen and the struggles she faces. Abandoned by their parents, Maya and her older brother Bailey are sent to live with their paternal grandmother and crippled uncle in Stamps, Arkansas. Many of the problems Maya encounters in her childhood stem from the overt racism of her white neighbors.
In the book, the action takes place in the Libyan part of the Sahara. Pilot Frank Towns and navigator Lew Moran are ferrying a mixed bag of passengers out of the Jebel oil town of the Libyan desert. An unexpected sandstorm forces the aircraft down, damaging the plane, killing two of the men.
Brian Robeson is a 13-year-old boy, whose parents are divorced, who travels on a Cessna 406 bush plane to visit his father in the oil fields in northern Canada for the summer. During the flight, the pilot suffers a heart attack and dies; Brian tries to land the plane, but ends up crash-landing into a lake in the forest. Throughout the summer, Brian attempts to survive in the endless wilderness with only his hatchet, which was a gift his mother gave him shortly before he departed.
Thirteen years after leaving the Philippines, Crisostomo Ibarra returns as Simoun, a rich jeweler sporting a beard and blue-tinted glasses. Simoun insinuates himself into Manila high society and influences every decision. He spares Basilio's life and asks him to join in his planned revolution against the government.
 Armor is the story of humanity's war against an alien race whose foot soldiers are three-meter-tall insects. The title most obviously refers to the nuclear-powered exoskeletons worn by the soldiers, but also references the The novel starts with Felix and his Company assaulting a gaseous, inhospitable planet aptly named "Banshee"
The novel begins when "Edward Henry Machin first saw the smoke on the 27th May 1867"-the very day of Bennett's own birth. At age 12, Denry begins his career by altering his marks in a test sufficiently. On a bet, he audaciously asks the energetic, beautiful Countess of Chell to dance, thus earning himself the reputation of a "card"
Three former judges develop a scam to blackmail wealthy closeted gay men. Meanwhile, Teddy Maynard, the ruthless and soon-to-retire director of the CIA, is orchestrating a scheme to control the U.S. presidential election. Unknowingly, the Brethren hook Teddy's candidate for President.
A young boy named Max wreaks havoc through his household and is disciplined by being sent to his bedroom. As he feels agitation with his mother, Max's bedroom undergoes a mysterious transformation into a jungle environment. Max winds up sailing to an island inhabited by malicious beasts known as the "Wild Things"
Justin Alastair is the uncanny and notorious Duke of Avon. He collides with an abused boy, Léon Bonnard, whose red hair, deep blue eyes and black eyebrows proclaim him a child of the Comte. Avon finds her and rescues her from a second attempt to abduct.
Up from Slavery chronicles over fifty years of Washington's life. In this text, Washington climbs the social ladder through hard, manual labour. Throughout the text, he stresses the importance of education on the black population. The book is in essence Washington's traditional, non-confrontational message.
Tom Ripley is now in his early 30s, living a comfortable life in France with his heiress wife, Héloïse Plisson. Dick Bernard Tufts' forgeries are sold as Derwatts and a gallery called the Buckmaster, is opened to handle the work. The money is rolling in, but Bernard, who had idolized Derwatt, is plagued by guilt. Ripley kills Murchison after he refuses to give him his painting and
Linda is born into slavery. When her mother dies, Linda is sent to live with her mother's mistress. Linda consents to a love affair with a white neighbor, Mr. Sands. She is overjoyed when Dr. Flint sells Benny and Ellen to a slave trader. After seven years in the attic, Linda finally escapes to the North.
Narrative of the Life of Frederick Douglass encompasses eleven chapters that recount Douglass' life as a slave and his ambition to become a free man. The story begins by telling the reader that Douglass does not know the date of his At a very early age, Douglass witnesses his first brutal act of slavery when he sees Aunt Hester being whipped.
Martin Springfield and Rachel Mansour return to Earth to recuperate following the events of Singularity Sky. Rachel is quickly called upon to explain the administrative expenses she incurred during her previous assignment. Shortly thereafter she finds herself negotiating with a lunatic believing himself to be a reincarnation of Idi Amin.
Harry Benson, in his 30s, suffers from psychomotor epilepsy. He often has seizures followed by blackouts, and then wakes up hours later. He is a prime candidate for an operation to implant electrodes and minicomputer. Surgeons John Ellis and Morris are to perform the surgery, which is unprecedented for the time.
Michael Gallatin is a British emigrant that is a top spy for Britain during World War II. In 1942, he overtakes Rommel in North Africa and foils the Nazis plan to control the Suez Canal. In 1944, the war still rages on and the Nazis are forced toward Berlin by the Soviets. Western Europe is still in Hitler's grip.
Operation Coalscuttle is the world's version of the invasion of Russia and the battle of Stalingrad. It also involves analogues of the Battle of Midway, the Manhattan Project, and the Holocaust. Captured U.S fighter pilot Jonathon Moss escapes from a POW camp and joins a small band of Negro rebels.
 Confederate President Jake Featherston breaks his solemn vow and re-militarizes them, essentially declaring war against the United States. US President Al Smith hurries to prepare for war, but his country is sent reeling by the Confederate attack into Ohio on June 22, 1941. Meanwhile, the murderous persecution of Blacks is escalating towards a full-scale genocide, similar to our timeline's Holocaust.
The play is an amalgam of early 20th century New Jersey and the dawn of the Ice Age. The family and the entire north-eastern U.S. face extinction by a wall of ice moving southward from Canada. There are unsettling parallels between the members of the Antrobus family and various characters from the Bible.
The Weapon Shops of Isher and its sequel The Weapon Makers were published in 1951 and 1969. The novels are one of the very few examples of Golden Age science fiction that explicitly discusses the right to keep and bear arms, specifically guns. The political philosophy of theWeapon Shops is minimalist. They will not interfere with the corrupt imperial monarchy.
Freud's first essay, on "The Sexual Aberrations", designated 'the person from whom sexual attraction proceeds the sexual object and the act towards which the instinct tends the sexual aim' In one section "The Sexually immature and animals as sexual objects" he discusses pedophilia and bestiality. He says that people who are behaviorally abnormal are always sexually abnormal in his experience.
A young man, Dan, takes a young woman to the hospital after she has been hit by a taxi. Dan and the young woman introduce themselves. Dan falls in love with Anna, though he is in a relationship with Alice. Larry meets Alice, whom he recognizes as the woman in the photo, and knows that she is Dan's girlfriend.
The story begins on the 75th birthday of identical twin sisters, Dora and Nora Chance. By what Dora describes as a bizarre coincidence, it is also their natural father, Melchior Hazard, and his fraternal twin brother, Peregrine Hazard, who is believed to be dead. Most of the novel consists of Dora's memories.
The story takes place on the rapidly advancing frontier of New York State. It features an elderly Judge Marmaduke Temple of Templeton, whose life parallels that of the author's father Judge William Cooper. Leatherstocking and the Mohican Indian Chingachgook compete with the Temples for the loyalties of a mysterious young visitor.
Elphaba is born to Melena Thropp, the granddaughter of the Eminent Thropp of Munchkinland. The novel is a political, social, and ethical commentary on the nature of good and evil. Almost five years have passed since Elphaba has seen Glinda, Boq, or any of her other friends from college.
Eugene is fired from his job as a college professor after having several of his witticisms surreptitiously recorded by the daughter of a popular conservative commentator. Eugene then becomes a teacher at a nearby overcrowded prison run by a Japanese corporation. His employer, and occasional acquaintance, is the prison's warden, Hiroshi Matsumoto. After a massive prison break, Eugene's former college is occupied by escapees from the prison, who take the staff hostage. Eventually the college is turned into a prison, since the old prison was destroyed in the breakout.
The novel's main character, Rudy Waltz, commits accidental manslaughter as a child. He was so traumatized by the events directly after the woman's death that he lives life as an asexual "neuter" He tells the story of his life as a middle-aged man expatriate in Haiti until the end.
Banford and March live on a farm together because it does not look like they will marry. In that era women who were still single at their age were generally considered to have foregone the prospect of marriage. Banford is thin and frail, in contrast to her companion who is physically masculine. The women are depicted as fearful of femininity and fertility.
The story is set in early-20th-century Vienna. The protagonist is Fridolin, a successful doctor who lives with his wife Albertina and their young daughter. One night, Albertina confesses that the previous summer, while they were on vacation in Denmark, she had had a sexual fantasy about a young Danish military officer. The woman then announces to the gathering that she will sacrifice herself for Fridolin.
Hardy wanted to justify his belief that mathematics should be pursued for its own sake rather than for the sake of its applications. One of the main themes of the book is the beauty that mathematics possesses, which Hardy compares to painting and poetry. Hardy denigrates much of the applied mathematics as either being "trivial", "ugly", or "dull"
Set in rural Nottinghamshire, the play opens with its protagonist, Frank Welborn, being ejected from an alehouse. The conversations in the scene supply the play's backstory, indicating that Welborn and Tom Allworth are both members of Tom's widowed mother, Lady Allworth.
 Arkady Kirsanov has just graduated from the University of Petersburg. He returns with a friend, Bazarov, to his father's modest estate in an outlying province of Russia. The two young men change a lot, especially their relationship for each other, because they both find themselves drawn to Madame Odintsova.
As the transfer of sovereignty of Hong Kong from the British to the People's Republic of China nears, Bond is given ten days to investigate a series of terrorist attacks. Simultaneously a nuclear bomb is test detonated in the Australian outback. In Hong Kong, Bond suspects and is led to a wealthy British shipping magnate, Guy Thackeray, who he catches cheating at mahjong at a casino in Macau.
The movie begins with a battle between fates, the evil Rebi Ra versus the short-lived hero Genichirou. After an emotional plea from the president's daughter, Sayaka Rama, the unlikely hero Kyoya Izayoi follows her deep into the heart of the evil city.
Greene explores the revolution of the quantum mechanical era, focusing on what it means for objects to be separate and distinct in a universe dictated by quantum laws. Part I of the book focuses on space and time. Part III deals with macroscopic realm of the cosmos. Part IV deals with new theoretical aspects of physics.
The story begins sometime in the 29th century on the planet Wilson with a young man named Giraut and his romantic, swashbuckling friends. Giraut is forced to grow up much more quickly than most of his friends, because one day his friend Aimeric, who was, before coming to Wilson and becoming a jovent, an economist in the Caledon culture.
Lettres anglaises consists of twenty-four letters. Quakers, Church of England, Presbyterians, Socinians, Arians, Antitrinitarians. Letter IX: On The Government. Letter X: On Trade. Letter XI: On Inoculation. Letter XII: On the Lord Bacon.
The premise of James Bond: The Authorized Biography of 007 is that James Bond is based upon a real MI6 agent. Fleming hinted so in You Only Live Twice, in Bond's obituary, that his adventures were the basis of a series of "sensational novels" The comic strip adaptation used covers from Fleming's James Bond novels.
Kidnappers violently take the Secret Service chief M from his house. James Bond follows the clues to Vrakonisi, one of the Aegean Islands. In the process, Bond discovers the complex military-political plans of Colonel Sun. Sun had been sent to sabotage a Middle East détente conference.
The tale starts the day after Anodos' twenty-first birthday. He discovers an ancient fairy lady in the desk which he opens with a key that he inherited as a birthright from his late father. After the fairy shows him he is told that the spirits of these trees can leave their tree-hosts and wander throughout Fairy Land.
The Wager is shipwrecked off the coast of Chile as their position could not be determined. The crew reject the authority of their officers, once the ship was wrecked. The marooned officers make their way to a Spanish settlement with the help of the native people. The novel is based on the accounts of the survivors.
The book's protagonist is Andrew Horne , a Russian-born U.S. scientist. Horne works at "West Wing" on Project Beta, a secret government mind-control project. Project Beta aims to perfect the art of brainwashing until it is possible to completely re-make a person's mind and soul.
The book describes, in an idealized form, the childhood of Nmcová. The plot weaves together a remembrance of the agrarian calendar and customs of the neighborhood. The main action of the novel seems to take place during the first one or two years after the Grandmother has come to live at the Old Bleachery.
The novel is told in the third person omniscient point of view but never wholly objectively. When told through the POV of either Mary or Axel the view of humanity, and of the Jordache family, is relentlessly bleak and pessimistic. For Gretchen he is an introduction to the world of men and relationships. We cannot imagine him defending either Gretchen or Thomas. Her marriage to Willie Abbott collapses under the weight of his alcoholism.
Hodgson's novel is set in a far-distant future where the Sun has gone out and the Earth is lit only by the glow of residual vulcanism. The last few millions of the human race are gathered together in a gigantic metal pyramid, the Last Redoubt, under siege from unknown forces and Powers outside in the dark.
The year is 2070, and the United Republic of America has built its first starship. The Alabama was sent 46 light years away to escape the tyrannical United Republic. Just three months into the journey, something goes terribly wrong. Leslie Gillis is forced to choose between suicide or a lonely existence surviving off the ship's supplies.
The plot is built around a group of eco-terrorists who are attempting to create a state of fear. The protagonist is an environmentalist lawyer named Peter Evans. Millionaire philanthropist George Morton donates large sums to environmentalist causes. Morton becomes suspicious of NERF and its director, Nicholas Drake.
Dr. Barbara is a disgraced doctor who forms a small band of environmentalists to attempt to save the albatross from nuclear testing on the remote Pacific island of St.Esprit. Neil, a naïve 16 year old, joins the group and the story is told from his perspective. Gradually, the male residents of the island become ill and slowly die under the 'care' of Dr. Barbara.
Queen Calanthe of Cintra commits suicide and her granddaughter, Cirilla, flees from the burning capital city. Emhyr var Emreis, Emperor of Nilfgaard, sends his spies to find her. The girl is protected by Geralt of Rivia, a witcher - a magically and genetically mutated monster slayer for hire, and also a man whose destiny is bound with that of Ciri.
"Last night I dreamt I went to Manderley again" is the book's famous opening line. After the first two chapters, its unnamed narrator reminisces about her past. She is soon convinced that Maxim regrets his impetuous decision to marry her. The climax occurs when Mrs. Danvers manipulates the protagonist into wearing a replica of the dress shown in a portrait of one of the former inhabitants of the estate.
The book is essentially plotless. The first sixteen pages contain various prompts regarding defecation in animals. The final portion of the book explains that because every animal eats, it must therefore defecate, and the book ends with rear views of the boy and six different animals defecating and the words "Everyone Poops"
"The Dancing Girl of Izu" tells of the story between a young male student who is touring the Izu Peninsula and a family of traveling dancers. The student finds the naïve girl attractive even though he eventually have to part with the family after spending memorable time together.
Religion Explained frames religious practices and beliefs in terms of recent cognitive neuroscience research in the modularity of mind. This theory involves cognitive " modules" underlying inference systems and intuitions. Within Boyer&#39;s hypothesis, religion is a &#34;parasite&#34;" offshoot from cognitive modules.
After the cliffhanger ending of The Dragonbone Chair, we find that Simon, the scullion-turned-warrior, has wrested the legendary sword Thorn from the frozen lair of Igjarjuk, the ice dragon. The dragon's blood, scalding his face and turning some of his hair white, earns him the new name Simon Snowlock. The exiled prince Josua and his ragged band of survivors flee from the ruins of Naglimund.
The story begins with the forces of Prince Josua Lackhand rallied at the Stone of Farewell. If deciphered, it could reveal to Josua and his army the only means of striking down the unslayable Storm King. Simon embarks upon a quest to obtain the last of the three legendary swords and use their hidden magics to defeat The Storm King Ineluki.
The Diamond Smugglers is the account of Ian Fleming's meeting with John Collard, a member of the International Diamond Security Organisation. Collard relates how he was recruited into the IDSO by Sir Percy Sillitoe, the ex-head of MI5, under whom Collard had worked. The book goes on to look at the activities of theIDSO from the end of 1954 until the operation was closed down in April 1957.
The Clerk's tale is about a marquis of Saluzzo in Piedmont in Italy named Walter. Walter is asked by his subjects to marry in order to provide an heir. He decides to marry a peasant, named Griselda, who promises to honor his wishes. After she has borne him a daughter, Walter decides to test her loyalty. He sends an officer to take the baby, pretending it will be killed, but actually conveying it in secret to Bologna. When she bears a son several years later, Walter again has him taken from her under identical circumstances. Finally, Walter determines one last test, and informs her that he intends to remarry.
Annie "Daisy" Miller and Frederick Winterbourne first meet in Vevey, Switzerland. Winterbourne is at first confused by her attitude, although greatly impressed by her beauty. Daisy is undeterred by the open disapproval of the other Americans in Rome. Daisy falls ill, and dies a few days later.
Ada tells the life story of a man named Van Veen, and his lifelong love affair with his sister Ada. The novel is divided into five parts, each approximately half the length of the preceding one. The story takes place in a mixture of Russia and America in the nineteenth and twentieth centuries.
A young man wakes up with no memory of who he is, where he is or anything about his life. He's in a virtual reality school that his parents have sent him to. Halloween is able to get out of the broken system, to what he assumes will be the Idlewild IVR Medical Academy. Instead, he finds out that his entire life has been spent in a pod.
At the centre of the novel are the members of a love triangle, united by their obsessions and fascination with a 17th-century Mohawk. The triangle is made up of the unnamed narrator, an authority on the vanishing A---- tribe, his wife Edith, and their maniacal and domineering friend, F, who may or may not exist.
Widow Marion Willow works at two jobs to raise her three daughters properly. Marion schools her girls in manners, English poetry and the need for an education. Her elegant neighbour and rival teaches the children the ways of the street and their black cultural heritage. The film is based on the true story of Marion Willow and her daughters.
The World Tomorrow was not intended as a work of fiction, but as a warning to the reader of what was scheduled to happen. The Bible does Not reveal exactly which ten nations will be included. The resurrected Roman Empire will bind together some 250 to 300 millions of peoples. That is more manpower than Russia or the United States has.
The Bottom is a mostly black neighborhood in Ohio, situated in the hills above the mostly white, wealthier community in the town of Medallion. Shadrack, a resident of the Bottom, fought in World War I. He returns a shattered man, unable to accept the complexities of the world.
The book concerns the story of Sethe and her daughter Denver after their escape from slavery. Their home is haunted by a revenant, whom they believe to be Sethe's daughter. Sethe comes to believe that the girl, Beloved, is the daughter she murdered when the girl was only two years old.
The story takes place in 2048, 51 years after scientists at Lawrence Livermore National Laboratory develop "the ultimate weapon", a force field generating device they term a Bobbler. In this world, governments are weak, where they are permitted at all; the Peace Authority is the true bearer of power and becomes a worldwide government. A group of rebels, the Tinkers, develop technology clandestinely far beyond what the Authority has.
Wil Brierson is a detective who also was the protagonist of the preceding novella The Ungoverned. Brierson was forcibly bobbled 10,000 years into the future to prevent his testimony in a case. The novel deals with the investigation of two parallel locked room mysteries: the murder of Marta Korelev, and the "locked planet" mystery.
The novel opens in the sad city in the country of Alifbay, where Haroun Khalifa lives with his father, a famous storyteller. Haroun volunteers to spy for the army because of his love of stories. The Chupwalas have come under the spell of Cultmaster Khattam-Shud.
During World War II, the Greek Mediterranean island of Crete was occupied by the Nazis. British officers Major Patrick Leigh Fermor DSO and Captain Bill Stanley Moss MC of the Special Operations Executive land on the island. With the help of the local Cretan resistance, they kidnap German General Heinrich Kreipe. They take Kreipe across rough country to a secluded cove on the far side of the island, where they are picked up and taken to Cairo.
When Licence Renewed begins, M reminds Bond that the 00 section has in fact been abolished; however, M retains Bond as a troubleshooter. Bond is assigned to investigate one Dr. Anton Murik, a brilliant nuclear physicist. Murik's plan is to hijack six nuclear power plants around the world simultaneously with the aid of bands of terrorists supplied by Franco.
Grégory FrancSur, a brilliant professor from Quebec, leaves his family and political career behind to become the assistant to a distinguished academic in San Francisco. Because of a misunderstanding, typical of the ambiguity that has been FrancSur's lot in life, he becomes involved in a dangerous case of illegal immigration.
Bond teams up with CIA agent Cedar Leiter to investigate one Markus Bismaquer. He is suspected of reviving the criminal organisation SPECTRE. Bond is captured and brainwashed into believing he is an American general assigned to inspect NORAD. Although he has been set up to be killed, Bond regains his personality and his memory.
The book is a look at the adventures of a dog and a baby in the park. At the end of the book, the women return to express that they hope the dog and baby weren't bored after having been left alone too long. The book is published by Simon & Schuster at £16.99.
Bond reluctantly finds himself recruited into a dangerous mission involving an equally dangerous and treacherous alliance of agents from the United States , the Soviet Union and Israel. The team, dubbed "Icebreaker", waste no time double-crossing each other. Ostensibly their job is to root out the leader of the murderous National Socialist Action Army.
After receiving a large inheritance, James Bond 007 is accused of improprieties and drummed out of the British Secret Service. Disgusted with his former employers, Bond places his services on the open market, where he later attracts the attention of representatives of SPECTRE. But the whole thing was a hoax, just a plan to get Bond inside the enemy's organization.
Bond is on his way to retrieve his faithful housekeeper, May, from a European health clinic where she is recovering from an illness. Tamil Rahani, the current leader of SPECTRE, now dying from wounds suffered due to his last encounter with Bond , has put a price on Bond's head. Bond is betrayed and chased by a number of people and organisations, including his own British Secret Service ally.
No Deals, Mr. Bond begins with a mission in the Baltic Sea dubbed "Seahawk", which involves James Bond stealthily extracting two women that have completed an assignment in East Germany. After accomplishing his mission, the book continues 5 years later with Bond being called in by M to learn more background into what those women were doing there before being extracted.
MS St. Louis was a ship carrying 937 Jews from Germany to Havana, Cuba. By this time, the Jews had suffered the rise of anti-Semitism and realised that this might be their last chance to escape. The film details the emotional journey of the passengers who gradually become aware that their passage has been an exercise in propaganda.
M receives word that a terrorist organisation known as BAST is planning to infiltrate and destroy a top-secret British Royal Navy aircraft carrier-based summit. To counteract this, James Bond is returned to active duty in the Royal Navy and promoted from Commander to Captain. He is tasked with security for the secret summit referred to as the "Stewards' Meeting"
After expressing frustration over a lack of action after his year-long mission with the Royal Navy , Bond threatens to resign. Bond travels to Victoria, British Columbia where he is intrigued by Lee Fu-Chu, a half-Blackfoot, half-Chinese philanthropist. Later, Bond is ordered to investigate the kidnapping of several scientists who have been working on a new submarine detection system.
The story begins with a prelude that includes some background information on the Nazi invasion of the Soviet Union codenamed Operation Barbarossa. When the story begins, an elderly American living in New Jersey is kidnapped by a Russian terrorist group. The man, Joel Penderek, was captured under the belief that he is Josif Voronstov, the war criminal partially responsible for the massacre at Babi Yar. The group demands the Soviet government put the man on trial for his crimes.
The aftermath of the Cold War provides the setting for the plot of Death Is Forever. James Bond and CIA agent Elizabeth Zara St. John are assigned to track down the surviving members of "Cabal", a Cold War-era intelligence network. Bond uncovers Weisen's plot to kill off the heads of each European country during the inaugural run of the Eurostar.
A murder in Switzerland of Laura March with MI5 connections follows assassinations in Rome, London, Paris & Washington. Left at each scene is a rose with marks of drops of blood on the petal. Bond is sent to investigate where he meets the lovely Swiss agent Fredericka von Grüsse.
Captain Bond now works for MicroGlobe One rather than an ill M. With the help of his latest girlfriend Flicka von Grüsse, James goes after billionaire Sir Maxwell Tarn, who thinks he's the next Hitler. The global trail takes 007 to Puerto Rico via Spain, Israel and Germany.
The novel is split into two books, one called "Cold Front" and the second entitled "Cold Conspiracy" The time between each book appears to be the time period allotted to Gardner's previous Bond outings, Never Send Flowers and SeaFire. The enemy of the story is provided by a terrorist army called COLD, which stands for Children Of the Last Days.
Bond is sent to Greece and partnered with his current love interest Niki Mirakos. They both seem to be suspicious of an internationally known mathematic cult called the Decada. The head of the group is Greek mathematician, Konstantine Romanos. Bond defeats Romanos in a game of bacaraat and catches the attention of a pretty Greek woman named Hera Volopoulos.
The world of James Bond is introduced to the ruthless terrorist organization called "The Union", whose brutal trademark is slashing the throat of those who cross them. A top secret British formula hidden in microfilm, codenamed "Skin 17", is stolen by traitors; scientist Steven Harding and RAF officer Roland Marquis. The microdot is surgically implanted in the pacemaker of an unhealthy old man, who is a former Chinese intelligence agent.
DoubleShot is the second novel in Raymond Benson's Union trilogy. It again sets James Bond, 007 against the evil terrorist organization called the Union. The Union has decided that Britain and James Bond are their new number one priority, and targets. They plan to help Domingo Espada forcefully take control of Gibraltar, killing the British Prime Minister and the Governor of Gibraltar.
Bond knows the Union is behind the carnage, and vows to take them down once and for all. His hunt takes him to Paris, into a deadly game of predator and prey. Eventually it leads him to the Union's latest attack on society, which involves Tylyn's husband, Leon Essinger, and his new movie, "Pirate Island"
A young Japanese woman dies of a mysterious illness. The illness is a mutated version of the West Nile virus. James Bond travels to Japan in search of the killer. Here Bond reunites with his longtime friend Tiger Tanaka, who introduces him to a female Japanese agent who is later killed by the mutant virus.
 Facundo explores the life of its titular character, Juan Facundo Quiroga. Despite being born into a wealthy family, Facundo received only a basic education in reading and writing. He was antisocial and rebellious, refusing to mix with other children. Facundo was appointed to a leadership position in the Llanos Militia. His killing of two Spaniards after a jailbreak saw him acclaimed as a hero.
Helm is teamed up with the woman's sister as he fights to save the lives of a number of scientists and Congressmen. When a female agent in Mexico is killed before Helm can complete his mission to extract her, he finds himself teaming up with her sister.
Matt Helm conducts a by-the-book assassination in the Central American nation of Costa Verde. He finds himself pursuing an ex-Nazi named von Sachs, who has obtained one of the nuclear missiles that had been bound for Cuba. Along the way he finds himself working with a Russian agent named Vadya.
Rudolf "Dolf" Hefting is a 14-year-old who volunteers for an experiment with a time machine. The experiment goes well, but through an accident Dolf is stranded in the 13th century. He saves the life of Leonardo Fibonacci, without realizing who he is.
Smilla Qaaviqaaq Jaspersen, 37, is a loner who struggles to live with her fractured heritage. She befriends Isaiah, the neglected son of her alcoholic neighbour, because he too is Greenlandic and not truly at home in Denmark. Isaiah's sudden death is explained as a fall from the roof whilst playing, but Smilla's understanding of the tracks the child left on the snowy roof convinces her that this is untrue. She complains to the police and quickly encounters obstruction and hostility from the authorities and other sources.
Eddie Carbone, an Italian American longshoreman, lives with his wife, Beatrice and his orphaned niece, Catherine. His attachment to her is brought into perspective by the arrival from Italy of Beatrice's two cousins Rodolpho and Alfieri. In retaliation, Marco challenges Eddie to lift a chair from the bottom of its leg.
The novel begins with the death of a nun, Sister Miriam, who apparently starved herself to death in a ruined tower, known as the 'Tower of Ivory' The tower has specific significance to the order, as it was the original convent building. The tension builds when the girls at the convent school tell Jemima that the Black Nun - a malevolent faceless spectre reputed to appear whenever a death is about to take place within the grounds.
Trotty, a ticket-porter or casual messenger, is filled with gloom at the reports of crime and immorality in the newspapers. His daughter Meg and her long-time fiancé Richard arrive and announce their decision to marry next day. Their happiness is dispelled by an encounter with a pompous alderman, Cute, plus a political economist and a young gentleman with a nostalgia.
A cricket constantly chirps on the hearth and acts as a guardian angel to the family. The life of the Peerybingles intersects with that of Caleb Plummer, a poor toymaker employed by the miser Mr. Tackleton. Caleb has a blind daughter Bertha, and a son Edward, who traveled to South America and was thought dead.
The first novel in the "Alphabet Mysteries" series introduces the character of Kinsey Millhone. Kinsey looks into through the facts surrounding the death of divorce lawyer Laurence Fife. The novel ends as it begins, with Kinsey, exonerated as acting in self-defence, reflecting on the experience of killing someone.
The scene is at Compoton where Echecrates asks for news about the last days of Socrates. Socrates says that man should not kill himself because he possesses no actual ownership of himself. The philosopher frees himself from the body because the body is an impediment to the attainment of truth. Cebes voices his fear of death to Socrates.
Michael Strogoff, a 30-year-old native of Omsk, is a courier for Tsar Alexander II of Russia. The Tartar Khan, Feofar, incites a rebellion and separates the Russian Far East from the mainland, severing telegraph lines. Rebels encircle Irkutsk, where the local governor, brother of the Tsar, is making a last stand. Michael is sent to warn the governor about the traitor Ivan Ogareff.
Thérèse Raquin is the daughter of a French captain and an Algerian mother. After the death of her mother, her father brings her to live with her aunt, Madame Raquin, and her sickly son, Camille. Camille eventually begins working for the Orléans Railroad Company, where he meets up with a childhood friend, Laurent. Laurent visits the Raquins and decides to take up an affair with the lonely Thérésse. They secretly meet up regularly in Thérése's room. After some time, Laurent's boss no longer allows him to leave early and so the two lovers have to think of something new. They eventually succeed in doing so by drowning Camille during a boat trip.
The novels take place during the reigns of the last five Direct Capetian kings and the first two Valois kings, from Philip the Fair to John II. The plot revolves around the attempts of Robert of Artois to reclaim the county of Ar tois from his aunt Mahaut.
The narrator, at first appearing to be just over 60 years old, wakes up May 27, 2109 in an apartment on human-settled Mars. With no memory of his past, he goes to his werp, a Joshua's mother, a Communist party member. He entered the Army at the behest of some Party organizers.
In 1711 Usbek leaves his seraglio in Isfahan to take the long journey to France. He leaves behind five wives in the care of a number of black eunuchs. A revolt brings about the death of his wives, including the vengeful suicide of his favorite.
Cécile spends her summer in a villa on the French Riviera with her father and his mistress. Her father, Raymond, is a seductive, worldly, amoral man who has had many affairs. His latest woman friend is Elsa Mackenbourg, who is young, superficial, and fashionable. Raymond eventually leaves Elsa for Anne, and the next morning Anne and Raymond announce their impending marriage.
After the phenomenal success of her first novel, Metalious hastily penned a sequel centering on the life and loves of bestselling author Allison MacKenzie. Return to Peyton Place had many of the same soap opera elements of the original. Although it sold well, its total sales did not equal those of its predecessor.
The novel takes place in a world where online "tribes" form. The protagonist, Art Berry, has been sent to an insane asylum as a result of a complex conspiracy. The book alternates between two points of view: Art meeting Linda in London, and Art in the asylum.
The novel intertwines the discovery of the chemical structure of DNA with the musicality of Johann Sebastian Bach's Goldberg Variations. A similar theme is explored by Douglas Hofstadter in his 1979 book Gödel, Escher, Bach: an Eternal Golden Braid. The title also alludes to Edgar Allan Poe's 1843 short story "The Gold-Bug"
The novel centers on the life of Athanasius Pernath, a jeweler and art restorer who lives in the ghetto of Prague. The story itself has a disjointed and often elliptical feel, as it was originally published in serial form. It is intended to convey the mystical associations and interests which the author himself was exploring at the time.
Jünger was wounded 14 times during the war, including five bullet wounds. He was awarded the Iron Cross 1st Class and was the youngest ever recipient of the Pour le Mérite. Storm of Steel is out now on Blu-ray, DVD and PC.
Professor Edward Johnston leads a team of historians and archaeologists studying the remains of the medieval towns of Castelgard and La Roque. Chris, André, and Kate use clues from the future to search for the passage themselves. André decides to remain in the past with Lady Claire while Chris, Kate, and Johnston return to 1999.
The Earth is visited by large, enigmatic alien spheres, who take up residence in colonies on several prairies and deserts across the world. They make visits to cities, factories and other areas of human activity, seemingly to merely float and observe. Some, however, have come in to close encounter with the aliens, and emerged dramatically altered beings. These people, called humanity-prime, and dubbed 'primeys', are highly intelligent, can bend matter to their will, but are also, by human standards, quite, quite mad.
Danse Macabre has a casual, non-linear writing style. King discusses horror in all forms of media, beginning with radio. King classifies the genre into three well-defined, descending levels. King defines terror as the suspenseful moment in horror before the actual monster is revealed.
Travis was born in 1900, yet he has not aged since 1919, because he accidentally called up a demon from hell named Catch as his servant. Ever since then, Travis has been trying to get rid of Catch, but he has lost the repository of the necessary incantations. He traces their whereabouts to a fictional town called Pine Cove, along Big Sur coast, where he thinks the woman he gave them to may be residing.
Yang Guo is the orphaned son of the first novel's antagonist Yang Kang. He is sent to the Quanzhen Sect for better guidance in moral values and orthodox martial arts. Yang Guo flees and ventures unknowingly into the nearby Tomb of the Living Dead. There he meets Xiaolongnü, a mysterious maiden of unknown origin, and becomes her apprentice.
Billy Coleman sees a Redbone Coonhound in a fight with neighborhood dogs. He chases the other dogs away and helps it recover from its wounds. He realizes he must set it free, knowing that it will find its way home He works many different jobs, and manages to save $50. One day he finds an article in a sportsman magazine offering a pair in Kentucky for $25 each.
Metamora, or the Last of the Wampanoags follows the story of its eponymous Indian hero and his downfall at the hand of English settlers during Puritan infiltration. At the opening of the play, Metamora is cordial, if hesitant, towards the Puritans, even befriending Walter and his love Oceana.
ITT has used other means of redress to defend its own business interests from nationalisation. These have ranged from supporting the 1930's military takeover by General Franco in Spain, investing in Hitler's war machine throughout WWII and funding a CIA backed coup led by General Pinochet in Chile 1973.
Danny talks his friend, a clever man named Pilon into sharing his brandy and his houses. Pilon kills a rooster, rents Danny's second house for money which it is understood he will never pay. Jesus Maria is the story of Petey Ravanno and his love for Gracie.
Bernard Valcourt falls in love with a Rwandan girl Gentille. Gentille is an ethnic Hutu, but she is often mistaken for a Tutsi. With the Hutu government is encouraging violence against Tutsis, Gentille's life becomes in danger. Valcourt refuses to leave Rwanda.
There are three cases in this book. The first might be called The Double Murder at Dawn. The second is The Strange Corpse which takes place in a small village. The third case The Poisoned Bride contains the murder of the daughter of a local scholar who marries the son of the former administrator of the district.
Professor Calculus is secretly commissioned by the Syldavian government to build a rocket ship that will fly from the Earth to the Moon. Tintin and Captain Haddock agree to join the expedition. Despite this setback, preparations are made for the moon trip. Finally, on 3 June 1952 the full-scale rocket is completed.
Two scientists decide to settle the question of racial superiority by leaving two children-a white girl and black boy-alone on an island. The experiment begins to run into problems when Bates and Belavoix argue about the validity of cranial measurements. Bates's long suffering assistant Nicholas Quartley falls in love with Norah and decides to rescue her from the island.
In typical Mitchell fashion, the Neal Brose character is used in the author's fourth novel, Black Swan Green. In this novel, Brose is a young teenager living in Worcester. Urban and rural Mongolia is seen through the eyes of a disembodied spirit, a 'noncorpum'
Like most of Disraeli's novels, Endymion is a romance. It was set between 1819 and 1859. This meant that the hero of the novel had to be a Whig, rather than a Tory. The time period was dominated by the Whig party. There would have been little opportunity for a rising Tory.
Former journalist Danny Pastor has relaxed in Puerto Vallarta over the past year with María de la Luz Santos, a 22-year-old woman. One night as they relaxed in the El Niño cantina, Danny heard a gunshot and rushes outside to see two men dead. The film adaptation featured a Jeep Wagoneer instead of a Ford Bronco.
The novel begins in Manchester, where we are introduced to the Bartons and the Wilsons, two working-class families. John Barton is a questioner of the distribution of wealth and the relations between rich and poor. Soon his wife dies-he blames it on her grief over the disappearance of her sister Esther. Mary becomes subject to the affections of hard-working Jem Wilson and Harry Carson, son of a wealthy mill owner.
The first part details the competition between Alovisa and Amena, two upper-class young women of disparate wealth, for D'Elmont's attentions. The narrator specifically mentioned the "custom which forbids women to make a declaration of their thoughts" That women were not permitted to express their affections or choice until a suitor formally proposed marriage is important to the plot and theme of the novel.
Fyodor Konstantinovitch Cherdyntsev is a Russian émigré living in Berlin in the 1920s. Fyodor is dreaming about his native Russia as he rides in the tramcar to his language student. His mother, Elizaveta Pavlovna, comes from Paris to visit him and the shadow of his lost father hangs over him.
Sagaxus, heir to Salamandastron, and his friend Bescarum Lepuswold Whippscut leave the mountain for adventure with Kroova Wavedog. They discover Brockhall, the ancestral home Triss and her friends, in their ship, see the same markings. Triss is able to interpret them as an R, H, O, and R, standing for "Royal House of Riftgard"
The first part of the novel is laid out as an opera, with act and scene numbers as chapter titles. Joseph begins to suspect that Cynthia's entire family is engaging in incestuous behaviour. The second part is presented somewhat more conventionally, as Joseph attempts to recover from the events of the first part. This half of the book follows the form of a 12-step program.
After college, Brock moved with his then-partner to Washington, D.C. Brock worked for The Washington Times and The American Spectator. Brock claims while he was working for those publications he thought he was doing honest journalism. He later stated that he had never corroborated his facts.
Brock details the conservative media strategy subsequent to the time of Barry Goldwater, predicated on corporate funding of think tanks, such as the Heritage Foundation. Brock believes such think tanks serve not only as propagandists, but as tutors for industry lobbyists, and a training ground for conservative journalists. Conservative and Republican strategists "concoct smears, distortions, and outright lies"
The novel was translated by Penny Williams in 1967, and later again by Sheila Fischman. The narrator, like Aquin himself, turns his adventures into a spy thriller to while away the time he is forced to spend in the psychiatric ward of a Montreal prison. He is awaiting a trial for an unspecified revolutionary crime.
The book is set in an unidentified country. It is about a group of people who seek refuge in the country of Avalon. Avalon is not specifically identified in the story; only a glimpse is seen of white sandy beaches there at the book's end. The book is published by Simon & Schuster, Inc.
The novel opens on an overcast October 23. Two friends, William "Will" Halloway and Jim Nightshade, both on the verge of their fourteenth birthdays, encounter a strange lightning rod salesman. The boys are excited that a carnival has come so late in the year, but Charles Halloway has a bad feeling about it.
Wendell Floyd is an expatriate American living in an alternate version of 1950s Paris. In a scene seemingly from another novel, Verity Auger finds herself responsible when her archaeology dig beneath the frozen ruins of some far-flung future Paris results in the death of one of her students. During her trial she is caught up in political infighting, and maneuvered into accepting a high risk assignment, without knowing what it entails.
The book records psychological portraits of the personalities Pistone associated with during his years undercover. Pistone relays experiences with international organized crime, as a consultant and undercover agent for Scotland Yard. An audio CD is included with the book, containing actual FBI surveillance recordings of Pistone, working undercover as Donnie Brasco, and his capo.
Harvey and Lizbeth Durant witness the cutting of their embryo. During the procedure, they are shocked to discover that the embryo has qualities not seen in millennia. Svengaard detects activity in the hospital vat room, where the embryo is kept. Investigating, he is rendered unconscious and abducted from under the nose of Max Allgood's surveillance.
Skynner acknowledges that this chapter "depends heavily on the ideas of Melanie Klein, founder of The English School of Psychoanalysis" Chapter 1: Why Did I Have to Marry You? Chapter 2: I'm God, and Let's Leave it Like That. Chapter 3: The Astonishing Stuffed Rabbit Chapter 4: Who's in Charge Here?
Bruce Delamitiri is an artist who works in the motion picture industry. Many people in the US think that, by making these movies, Bruce makes killing cool. Bruce, on the other hand, defends himself by telling everyone that he doesn't think he encourages anyone to do anything. The book depicts the differences between different social groups in America.
Kivrin Engle is a young historian specializing in medieval history. She persuades her reluctant instructor, Professor James Dunworthy, to send her to Oxford in 1320. The narrative switches between Kivrin in the fourteenth century and 2054/2055 Oxford during the influenza epidemic. In order to return home, she must return to the exact location where she arrived.
David Kelsey leads a double life. During the week he lives under his real name at Mrs. McCartney's boarding house. At the weekends he assumes the identity of William Neumeister Kelsey has bought and furnished his house for Annabelle, who in reality has never come to visit him. Every weekend he cooks dinner for two, with Annabelal present only in his imagination.
The book is set in the not-so-distant future, where humankind has all but succeeded in controlling all life on the planet and almost completely wiping out all insect life. The "Green Brain" of the title is an intelligent organism that embodies and arises from nature's resistance to human domination. It is able to command social insects to form humanoid-shaped collective organisms which it uses to infiltrate the "Green Zone"
The novel is written as a series of adventures, with every chapter typically describing a new adventure. Peregrine's upbringing, education at Oxford, journey to France, his debauchery, bankruptcy, jailing at the Fleet, unexpected succeeding to the fortune of his father, his final repentance and marriage to his beloved Emilia all provide scope for Smollett's satire on human cruelty and greed.
The story starts with young Euphemia Texas Ashby and her older sister Sara McClure. After a month and a week, Sam Houston defeats Santa Anna's army and Texas is reborn as the Republic of Texas. We meet Georgia Lawshe Woods as she falls in love with a doctor at the age of fifteen and has children years later.
The book is set in 1946/1947, shortly before India gained independence. Victoria is an Anglo-Indian, the daughter of a railwayman. In the film version of Bhowani Junction, Patrick dies heroically, rather than surviving to win Victoria as in the novel. The change was presumably required because the book's conclusion was in contradiction to the conventions of Hollywood.
The focus of Wilson's attention in Fences is Troy, a 53-year-old head of household who struggles with providing for his family and with his obsession with cheating death. The location is never specified but seems to be Pittsburgh as there are several references to some of its notable institutions. About mid-play, an affair between Troy and a woman named Alberta is revealed, followed by the discovery that Alberta is pregnant. Seven years later, Troy has died.
Mr. Hilton Cubitt of Ridling Thorpe Manor in Norfolk visits Sherlock Holmes. Cubitt is found dead of a bullet to the heart and his wife gravely wounded in the head. Holmes has learned both men's names by reading the dancing men code. The lodger, Mr. Abe Slaney, is unaware that Elsie is at death's door.
On the eve of the First World War, Von Bork, a German agent, is getting ready to leave England with his vast collection of intelligence. The story is the last chronological instalment of the series "Good old Watson! You are the one fixed point in a changing age"
The book begins with the main character describing the city he lives in. Many of the city's residents believe it is impossible to leave the city. The main character suggests that he and the reader should leave, "because there is something I want to talk to you about" The title of the book comes from the statement that, "in the future, the rain will never mess up your hair"
Orm is taken captive by a Viking party raiding the sheepfold of his father's farm in Skåne. Orm and Krok are captured by an Andalusian fleet and made slaves. The surviving eight Norsemen are made members of the slave-bodyguard of Al-Mansur.
30 year-old Mary Panton has been a widow for one year. Her late husband Matthew turned out to be an alcoholic, a gambler, a womanizer, and a wife-beater. The Leonards offer Mary their 16th century villa on a hill above Florence, Italy.
The Taggerung is an otter from the Juska Tribe. He is the only member of the tribe who has never killed for fun, or at all. Tagg is chased by the Juskarath after saving Nimbalo the Slayer from a deadly snake from the mountains.
Noonvale companions travel to Redwall, where they wish to mount a show. On the way, they learn that the Marlfoxes will attempt to seize Redwall. They hasten onward to warn them, while Guosim from another part of Mossflower do the same. The companions arrive and overthrow the water rat army.
Mattimeo is a direct sequel to Redwall and Mossflower. It takes place eight seasons after the events of the first novel. Slagar the Cruel kidnaps Mattimeo, Tim and Tess Churchmouse, Cynthia Bankvole, and Sam Squirrel. Matthias, Basil Stag Hare and Jess Squirrel with the help of a few friends, leave the Abbey to hunt.
A Night in the Lonesome October is narrated from the present-tense point-of-view of Snuff, the dog who is Jack the Ripper's companion. The bulk of the story takes place in London and its environs, though at one point the story detours through the dream-world described by Lovecraft in The Dream-Quest of Unknown Kadath. The various "Players" during the Game depicted in the book are archetypal characters from Victorian Era gothic fiction.
A reclusive novelist named Bill Gray works endlessly on a novel he chooses not to finish. Bill, who lives as a complete recluse, accedes to be photographed by a New York photographer named Brita. Bill laments that novelists are quickly becoming obsolete in an age where terrorism has supplanted art.
Captain Stanhope has turned to alcohol in order to cope with the stress of the war. Second Lieutenant Raleigh is a young and naive officer who joins the company. Osborne describes the madness of war when describing how German soldiers allowed the British to rescue a wounded soldier in No Man's Land.
Much of narrative describes Hemingway's adventures hunting in East Africa, interspersed with ruminations about literature and authors. Generally the East African landscape he describes is in the region of Lake Manyara in Tanzania. Relations between the white hunters and native trackers are described, as well as Heming way's jealousy of the other hunters.
Judah Ben-Hur is a prince descended from a royal family of Judaea. He is sent as a slave to work aboard a Roman warship. His family is secretly imprisoned in the Antonia Fortress. He trained in wrestling for five years in the Palaestra in Rome.
Sam Madison has always been totally ordinary. Apart from having two weird sisters,of course. But then she does something utterly out of ordinary- she stops a crazy psycho from assassinating the American President. Now Sam's an instant, world famous celebrity. Dining at The White House is not easy for someone who lives on hamburgers.
 Randolph Jaffe discovers hints to a mysterious part of society known as "The Shoal" His search eventually brings him to Trinity, New Mexico, where he encounters the mysterious "Kissoon" Jaffe later teams up with a scientist named Fletcher who is able to create a liquid called the 'Nuncio' Nuncio is theoretically able to enable a human to.
The novel revolves around the world of the Fugue, a magical world which lies woven within a rug. Many decades ago the Seerkind decided to hide themselves through a spell or "Rapture" in a safe haven. Eight decades later, a sudden interest emerges for the rug at the time an elderly Mimi expires.
The protagonist, Mariel Gullwhacker, was enslaved by Gabool the Wild when her father Joseph's ship, the Periwinkle, was captured. After attacking Gabool, the mouse was thrown into the sea and washed up on the shore, causing her to lose her memory. She befriends a young fieldmouse named Dandin, a hedgehog named Durry Quill, and a hare that carries an instrument called a harolina. Together they journey to Gabool's island of Terramort to defeat him.
The novel opens with a framing device wherein we are shown what is happening in the London home of the dying novelist at the beginning of World War I. The book also includes a portrait of the friendship that James formed during this time with the American author Constance Fenimore Woolson. Lodge suggests that their relationship had a romantic dimension.
Simon Templar is a former Scotland Yard officer who now lives in New York City. The book follows Templar as he deals out justice to evildoers in the city. Templar's ultimate goal is to discover the identity of the city's main kingpin. The novel appears to take place in 1934, yet the dossier indicates that Meet - The Tiger! takes place five years earlier.
The novel, written by Dai Sijie, is about two teenagers. Luo, "a genius for storytelling", and an unnamed narrator. They are sent to be re-educated after the Chinese Cultural Revolution. It closely resembles the 1972 Korean film version of The Flower Girl.
Young Redwallers Tansy and Arven come across a mysterious skeleton among the rocks. Along the way, they meet two travelers: the irrepressible hare Cleckstarr Lepus Montisle and his owl friend Ublaz Mad-Eyes, a large, sinewy pine marten with a hypnotic stare.
Unlike most of Plato's dialogues, Socrates does not appear in the Laws. The dialogue takes place on the island of Crete, and Socrates appears outside of Athens in Plato's writings only twice. The conversation is lead by an Athenian Stranger and two other old men, the ordinary Spartan citizen Megillos and the Cretan politician and lawgiver Clinias.
Aubrey, a young Englishman, meets Lord Ruthven, a man of mysterious origins who has entered London society. Ruthven makes Aubrey swear an oath that he will not mention his death or anything else he knows about Ruthven for a year and a day. Aubrey realizes that everyone whom Ruthven met ended up suffering.
Hugh Vereker's latest novel, "Eureka! Immense," is about a writer and his friend. The narrator tries to find out the secret of his friend's fiancée, Gwendolen. The "secret" is ultimately never told but the reader can only infer that there is no real secret.
Boy in Darkness is an episode in the Gormenghast series when Titus Groan, referred to mostly as "the Boy" in the story, is a young teenager. Yearning for freedom from his ceaseless duties as 77th Earl of Gormanghast, he escapes the ancient castle and encounters the nightmare world outside.
FBI Special Agent Aloysius X.L. Pendergast and Sergeant Vincent D'Agosta, now working for the Southampton Police Department, investigate a series of unusual deaths. Their investigation takes them from the New York City area to Florence, Italy where they uncover the motive and method of the killers behind the strange and gruesome deaths.
Sowell analyzes the specific effects of such policies on India, Malaysia, Sri Lanka, and Nigeria. He finds that such programs have at best a negligible impact on the groups they are intended to assist. Sowell concludes: "Despite sweeping claims made for affirmative action programs, an examination of their actual consequences makes it hard to support those claims"
Ellen is an only child who does not have a real home, even at the time when both her parents are still alive. Her father is "trash" and has a drinking problem, and the whole atmosphere is one of domestic After her mother's premature death, Ellen takes charge of the meager household finances.
'The Thing' is the daughter of Titus' wet-nurse Keda of the Bright Carvers. The Thing is exiled by the Carvers and lives a feral life in the forests around Gormenghast. Bellgrove becomes an important figure in Titus' development. Fuchsia, grown increasingly melancholic and withdrawn, briefly contemplates suicide.
The story follows Titus' journey in the world outside Gormenghast Castle, having left his home at the end of the second book. He bumbles through a desert for a time, then uses a canoe to row down the river, where he finds himself in a modern city. Cheeta is described as a 'modern girl' with 'a new kind of beauty', who drives a helicopter.
The novel is the story of an English gay man, Edward Manners, who, disaffected with life, moves to a town in Flanders. The past continually intrudes into the twilight world Hollinghurst evokes. Two major characters, both objects of romantic obsession, mysteriously disappear.
William Beckwith is the grandson and heir of Viscount Beckwith. Will is deeply sexual and physically very attractive. His preoccupation with Arthur is almost entirely physical. Valmouth is a novel by Ronald Firbank, given to him by his best friend, James.
The novel is split into five "books," each covering a different period in the characters' lives. Book One opens in 1912 and introduces 11-year-old Francie Nolan. Francie relies on her imagination and her love of reading. In 1918, Katie accepts a marriage proposal from Michael McShane, a pipe-smoking retired police officer.
Michael "Beau" Geste is the protagonist. The main narrator is his younger brother John. The three Geste brothers of Brandon Abbas are used as a metaphor for the British upper class values of a time gone by. "The decent thing to do" is, in fact, the leitmotif of the novel.
The story of Das siebte Kreuz is rather simple: there are seven men who have been imprisoned in the Westhofen camp. The main character is a Communist, George Heisler. The narrative follows his path across the countryside, taking refuge with those few who are willing to risk a visit from the Gestapo.
Art Bechstein is the son of a mob money launderer. When Art graduates from college, he has only a vague hope for a summer of adventure. Art's relationships with his family, friends, and lovers become more and more entangled, causing a series of fallings out and unforeseen consequences.
Boone Caudill is a young man who lives in Kentucky with his family as people are pushing further and further west in the Americas. Boone's father is physically abusive to not only his mother, but also his brother and him. Boone is a fur trapper and deals with the hardships as he moves further from civilization.
The Reivers is a novel written in the first decade of the 20th century. It tells the story of Lucius Priest, a young boy who comes into contact with the underside of society. The story ends with the news that Boon Hogganbeck and Miss Corrie have married and named their first child after Lucius.
Augustus Melmotte is a foreign-born financier with a mysterious past. Felix Carbury is torn between his affection for Ruby Ruby and his love for Paul Montague. Lady Carbury marries Mr Broune, who has been a true friend to her throughout her troubles.
The central character is Kay Harker who, on returning from boarding school, finds himself mixed up in a battle to possess a magical box. The owner of the box is an old Punch and Judy man called Cole Hawlings. For safety, Cole entrusts the box to Kay, who then goes on to have many adventures.
The Red Dwarf crew arrive on htraE in order to rescue Lister. Lister has returned to life and the age of 25 as a result of the crew depositing his body on the time-reversed Earth 36 years. Ten years pass and while Kryten and Rimmer are physically unaffected, the reverse time of backwards Earth means Lister and The Cat are now 15. The Cat becomes a virgin during a bizarre sexual encounter with a female Holly.
Marlon Conrad, a spoiled "rich kid", enters the political arena in a career carefully managed by his wealthy father. Marlon is apathetic and corrupt, riding in the pockets of special interest groups. During his tenure, he is suddenly recruited into active duty during the Kosovo War and a bureaucratic tangle prevents him from ducking his responsibility.
Victor Frank, and his wife Marsha, are unable to have a second child due to Marsha's infertility. They turn to surrogacy as an alternate method of conception. Victor injects the egg implanted in his wife with an At about three, VJ experiences a drop in intelligence, leading Victor to think his experiment is a failure. VJ's brother, David, and nanny, both die of an unexplainable rare form of liver.
The plot of the novel takes place in 2004 and concerns an Iranian terrorist group called "The Shadows" The novel also involves a terrorist arms dealing organization named "The Shop" Sam Fisher is deployed by Third Echelon to the Middle East to uncover the truth about the murder of a Splinter Cell agent and track down the source of a shipment of arms seized by Iraqi police.
Simon Templar, alias The Saint, is enjoying a pleasure cruise along the French coast aboard his yacht, the Corsair. He is awakened in the middle of the night by the sound of gunfire and shouting from another vessel anchored nearby. The source of the commotion is a group of men pursuing a young woman who is swimming frantically away from the other ship. Templar rescues the woman who, after some considerable hesitation, identifies herself as Loretta Page, a private detective who is investigating the mysterious disappearance of sunken treasure from the Atlantic. When she learns her rescuer is The Saint she enlists his help in tracking down aGroup of modern-day pirates.
In the Light of Truth is a collection of 91 lectures addressing all spheres of life. Written between the years 1923-1931, it answers eternal questions such as what does it mean to be human. "The Grail Message will appeal to any human being who is seeking to understand life"
Commander Honor Harrington assumes command of CL-56 Fearless as it is completing an extensive weapons refit. Honor and Fearless are the sole RMN unit responsible for the Basilisk system's security. Honor leads Fearless and her crew into a desperate engagement against a fleeing Haven Q-ship.
After more than three years in exile on Grayson, several of Honor's old political enemies decide to try to kill two birds with one stone. Klaus Hauptmann is able to have Honor appointed as commander of HMAMC Wayfarer. He believes that Honor will either deal with the piracy problems that are causing him losses in the Silesian Confederacy or die trying.
The People's Republic of Haven finds itself teetering at the edge of economic disaster. The leaders decide to resort to war against Manticore. Honor joins Admiral Mark Sarnow's fleet alongside her old enemy, Pavel Young. This battle marks the first use of practical Missile Pods.
Honor is given the rank of Admiral in the Grayson navy and command of a superdreadnought squadron. She conducts her squadron and the rest of her adoptive nation's fleet through several battle exercises to improve them. The events surrounding her last adventure on Grayson have caused political turmoil on the reactionary planet.
Elaine reminisces about her childhood. At the age of eight she becomes friends with Carol and Grace. When Cordelia joins the group, Elaine is bullied by the three girls. The bullying escalates that winter when the girls abandon Elaine in a ravine. Half-frozen, she sees a vision of the Virgin Mary, who guides her to safety. Afterward, realising she had allowed herself to be a victim, Elaine makes new friends.
Life in the Iron Mills is a short story written by an omniscient narrator. It tells the story of Hugh Wolfe, a man who works in an iron mill. Wolfe is known as "Molly Wolfe" by other workers because of his manner and background in education. The story ends with a quaker women who comes to bless and help with the body of Hugh.
Three years after the events in On Basilisk Station, Captain Honor Harrington returns to the Star Kingdom. While her ship, the heavy cruiser HMS Fearless, has her first refit, new orders arrive. Fearless is to lead a The Manticoran ships arrive at Yeltsin's Star, the system where Grayson is located.
The book is divided into four sections, each organized year by year to describe a key period of Leo Africanus's life. Each section is named after the city that played a major role in his life at the time: Granada, Fez, Cairo, and Rome. The book offers a vivid description of the Renaissance world, with the decline of the traditional Muslim kingdoms.
Honor returns to Manticore as a hero following the victory at Hancock Station. Captain Pavel Young, Honor's bitterest enemy, is about to face a court-martial for cowardice before the enemy, punishable by death. Under threat from Young's father, Earl North Hollow, Young is instead demoted and dishonorably discharged from the Navy. Despite the reprieve, North Hollow suffers a stroke and Young becomes the new Earl of North Hollow.
Honor has just been promoted to Commodore for her actions in Honor Among Enemies. During a party celebrating her promotion, she engages in a heated debate with her superior. The two realize they have mutual unspoken romantic feelings for each other. In an attempt to escape her own feelings, Honor goes with Alistair McKeon on a convoy escort mission to the Adler system.
Blankets chronicles Craig Thompson's adolescence and young adulthood. Thompson uses flashbacks as a literary and artistic device in order to parallel young adult experience with past childhood experience. Major themes of the work include: first love, child and adult sexuality, spirituality, sibling relationships, and coming of age.
Beowulf Shaeffer is contracted by a Pierson's Puppeteer to pilot a General Products-hulled starship, in a close approach about neutron star BVS-1. The Puppeteers want to determine why two previous researchers, Peter and Sonya Laskin, were killed during the previous attempt on a similar mission. He has no intention of even attempting the dangerous mission, but agrees anyway.
La Peau de chagrin consists of three sections: "Le Talisman" , "La Femme sans cSur" and "L'Agonie" The first edition contained a Preface and a "Moralité", which were excised from subsequent versions. A two-page Epilogue appears at the end of the final section.
Honor is apparently dead, her "execution" being broadcast on holo-disc. However, the footage was faked because Honor is still alive and plotting her return. Honor and her allies hide on the surface of Hades, monitoring StateSec's communications. Eventually they launch a surprise attack, defeating the local Havenite garrison and taking control of Hell.
The book begins hours after the end of the previous novel. Honor Harrington and her "Elysian Space Navy" arrive at Manticoran-controlled space. Queen Elizabeth III elevates Honor to Duchess Harrington. New technology developed by Manticore allows the fleet to quickly demolish all Havenite resistance.
Five years have passed since a truce was reached between Manticore and Haven. There is still no formal peace treaty. Political circumstances in both nations threaten to plunge them into war. Erewhon has broken out of the Manticoran Alliance and has sided with Haven, handing them many of the latest technological developments of the Star Kingdom.
Dr. Nora Kelly's life as an archeologist at New York City's American Museum of Natural History becomes complicated when Aloysius X. Pendergast, a secretive and highly resourceful FBI Special Agent, convinces her to join his investigation. After the article is published, a copycat killer begins a new stream of murders. The Police Department must appear as though it's aiding the investigation. A horrific murder is discovered in the museum's basement.
Diamond identifies five factors that contribute to collapse: climate change, hostile neighbors, collapse of essential trading partners, environmental problems. He also lists 12 environmental problems facing mankind today. The root problem in all but one of Diamond's factors leading to collapse is overpopulation relative to the practicable carrying capacity of the environment.
The eponymous protagonist saves the life of the heroine by directing energy remotely at an approaching avalanche. As the novel goes on, he describes the technological wonders of the modern world, frequently using the phrase "As you know..." The hero finally rescues the heroine  by travelling into space on his own "space flyer" to rescue her from the villain's clutches.
 Twain and Warner got the name from Shakespeare's King John : "To gild refined gold, to paint the lily... is wasteful and ridiculous excess" The novel concerns the efforts of a poor rural Tennessee family to grow affluent by selling the of unimproved land acquired by their patriarch, Silas Si Hawkins. The plot parallels Twain's father's purchase of a Tennessee parcel.
The story is set in the Song Dynasty and at the beginning of the Jurchen-ruled Jin Dynasty's invasion of northern China. The first part of the novel revolves around the friendship of two men, Yang Tiexin and Guo Xiaotian. The bond between the duo is so strong that they pledge to each other that their unborn children will become either sworn siblings or a married couple.
15 years have passed since the end of the Red Ship War with the terrifying Outislanders. Fitz has wandered the world accompanied only by his wolf and Wit-partner, Nighteyes. Starling finds him soon after he settles down in the cottage and visits him often. The Fool finds him and convinces him that he is needed.
Fitz has succeeded in rescuing Prince Dutiful from the clutches of the Piebald rebels. But once again the cost of protecting the Farseer line has been dear: Nighteyes is dead. Fitz is not a great teacher and barely has control of his own Skill, but he is the only one left that has been actually taught how to use it.
A summoner who meets a yeoman one day who asks him what he does, says he is a summoner, an odious profession. The yeoman says that he is actually a demon from hell. This does not seem to overtly concern the summoner and he simply asks how he is able to take human form. They come upon a carter damning his stubborn horses to hell; when they do move he praises God.
Young Nevare Burvelle is the second son of a second son in the fantasy nation of Gernia. According to Gernian religious practice, firstborn noble sons are heir to the family fortunes. From the age of eight, Nevare is schooled daily in math, physics, engineering, and of course combat and military strategy.
The book opens with Vampire$ Inc. cleaning out a nest of vampires, introducing the main characters and setting the tone for the book. The team has some difficulty collecting their payment for dispatching said vampires, but ultimately collects their fee and hosts a wild party at a local motel. The party is interrupted by a 'master' vampire who essentially slaughters everyone at the party with the exception of Jack Crow and his second in command "Cherry Cat" Catlin.
Set in northern Michigan in the mid-1920s The Torrents of Spring is about two men, World War I veteran Yogi Johnson and writer Scripps O'Neill. The story begins with O'Neil returning home to find that his wife and small daughter have left him. Johnson becomes depressed after a Parisian prostitute leaves him for a British officer.
A story about the narrator's mother. It starts with a dream the narrator has in which her mother has not died. Flora is set up to marry a man named Robert. Ellie is incredibly dependent on Flora and spends most of her time in the company of Flora.
Thea is the daughter of Dr. Archie Ottenburg and Mrs Kronborg. She is a talented opera singer. The novel ends with Tillie, the only remaining Kronborg who still lives in Moonstone. Thea's ambition takes her back to Chicago. She meets Fred Ottenburg, a rich young man.
Jennifer Merrick is the feisty daughter of a Scottish laird. Royce Westmoreland, the "Black Wolf", is sent by the King of England to wage war against Scotland. When Royce's brother, Stefan, kidnaps Jennifer and her stepsister, Brenna, and brings them to his camp, the lives of the two become intertwined.
Dr. Judd Stevens, M.D., is a caring and successful Manhattan psychoanalyst. First, John Hanson, a patient trying overcome his homosexuality, is brutally murdered. Not long after, Carol Roberts, Stevens' secretary, is also found murdered. The police, partly due to anger with Stevens testimony in a previous case, are quick to treat Stevens as the prime suspect.
Once assassin to the king, Fitz is now Skillmaster to Prince Dutiful's small band. His duty is to help the Prince fulfil the Narcheska Elliania's challenge: Bring her the head of the dragon, Icefyre. Only after this task is complete will they be married and bring an end to war.
Ship of Magic is the first book of the Liveship Traders series. It follows the fortunes of the Vestrit family. A liveship is a ship made of Wizardwood, a mystical substance. The Vestrits live in Bingtown, which borders the sea, Jamaillia, Chalced, and the Rain Wilds.
Mara, Urthstripe's young adopted daughter, and her hare friend, Pikkle, decide to leave the great mountain stronghold. Meanwhile, two stoats, Dingeye and Thura, have recently deserted Ferah. Samkim and Arula pursue the two beasts, intent on not only rescuing the legendary sword of their Abbey Champion, but a terrible disease has begun ravaging the Abbey.
Ned Henry is a specialist in 20th century history assigned to search for the Bishop's bird stump. He has made so many jumps into the 1940s so quickly that he has developed "time-lag", the time-travel-induced form of jet lag. A historian sent to the Victorian era has returned bringing something from Victorian England which the historians believe may rip time itself apart if it isn't promptly returned.
The book conveys multiple symbolic meanings about shared motherhood, life and death, and beauty. The underlying themes not always recognized include those about mockery toward the judicial system and the flawed coping strategies of current day issues. Taylor was the one to escape small-town life by avoiding pregnancy, getting a job at the hospital, and saving up enough money.
The novel continues the events that happened on From the Highlands, and is set over the background of the fight against genetic slavery. The story begins after the truce between Manticore and Haven. The novel ends with Berry Zilwicki being crowned as Berry I, Queen of the new Kingdom of Torch.
The story focuses on the shakedown cruise of the Edward Saganami-C-class heavy cruiser HMS Hexapuma. Commander Ginger Lewis, previously seen in Honor Among Enemies, has an important supporting role. A Constitutional Convention is taking place which will define the terms of the Cluster's formal annexation.
Young, brash and inexperienced pilots of Hornet Squadron are not inclined to take the impending war seriously. Starr Hornet achieves its first aerial victory when they destroy a German Dornier 17 bomber. Two of the pilots, 'Flash' Gordon and 'Fitz' Fitzgerald, begin respective romances with two local schoolteachers.
The story follows Elías Contreras, a Zapatista investigation commission, and Héctor Belascorán, a private detective from Mexico City. During the book, and especially during the chapters written by Marcos, the reader is introduced to many characters. The book looks at the politics of Mexico and at neo-liberalism.
The series is set in a stereotypical space opera world of the late XXI century. In Alisa's time people learned how to travel in space faster than light. The society is a communist utopia: there's no need in money, environment is strictly protected and everything is done for the benefit of men.
The Romans have once again been humiliated by the Gauls. Felonius Caucus, right hand man of Centurion Nebulus Nimbus, head of the fortified camp of Totorum, suggests a Big Fight. This is a Gallic tradition where two Gallic chiefs fight and the winner becomes leader of both tribes.
Witold, a Polish writer, embarks on an ocean voyage only to have the war break out while he is visiting Argentina. A fantastical series of twists and turns follow in which the young man finds himself, after a debauched night of drinking, involved as a second in a duel.
A group of people gather at a remote snowbound lodge in the wilds of northern New England. A seance is held in order to reach the dead husband of the medium. The spirit of the dead man returns to possess one of the group. The hero, Rogan Kincaid, is an adventurer who takes it upon himself to solve the mystery.
World War I era German Albatros D-3 biplane painted a startling bright yellow and bearing the familiar black Maltese Cross of World War I Germany. Dirk has been sent to the Aegean to meet Commander Rudi Gunn, captain of the NUMA research vessel First Attempt. The First Attempt is on a research expedition attempting to find a living fossil.
Humans live in a nebula of relatively breathable air, existing in divided communities. The society is highly stratified, with the elite living on the "Raft" The "Boneys" live on worlds created out of corpses. It is unknown exactly how the humans came to the universe, but hints within the story indicate that the Raft ship came through a rift in our universe into this alternate reality.
Harmond Wilkes, an Ivy League-educated man who has inherited a real estate agency from his father, his ambitious wife Mame, and his friend Roosevelt Hicks want to redevelop the Hill District in Pittsburgh, Pennsylvania. The project, called the Bedford Hills Redevelopment Project, includes two high-rise apartment buildings and high-end chain stores like Starbucks, Whole Foods, and Barnes & Noble.
A human-built device, the Interface project, returns to the solar system after 1,500 years. The project, towed by the spaceship Cauchy, returns a wormhole gate, appearing to offer time travel. The Friends postulate an unusual theory on the ultimate destiny of life in the universe. They believe that quantum wave-functions do not collapse like the Copenhagen interpretation holds.
The book focuses on the people who have been most influential in Aiken's life. He narrates his many conflicts with his birth father and stepfather, and the bullying that he had to endure as a child. Contrary to expectations, American Idol is barely mentioned in the book.
In 1992, the author, his wife Cheryl, and their Tibetan horse Sadhu set off on an ancient pilgrimage trail from Lhasa, Tibet, to Kathmandu, Nepal. The original motivation for the journey is to become the first Western couple to complete it. There are political and spiritual issues that the couple learn must be reconciled.
Amir, a well-to-do Pashtun boy, and Hassan, a Hazara who is the son of Ali, Amir's father's servant, spend their days in the hitherto peaceful city of Kabul, kite fighting. Assef, a notorious sociopath and violent older boy, mocks Amir for socializing with Hassan. Amir worries that if Baba found out about Hassan's bravery, his own life would be easier if Hassan were not around.
Megan is adopted by Ellen, and takes over Scott Industries when she dies. Jaime is reflecting upon his life as a terrorist. Alan Tucker is a former detective and Ellen's Chief of Security. Lucia Carmine, daughter of an Italian Mafia boss, lost everything when her father's business crumbled. Sister Teresa, elderly, disappointed in love and leader of the four escaping nuns.
Jennifer Parker is an Assistant District Attorney for the State of New York, New York County. She foils a plot by Michael Moretti, the rising star of one of the most powerful organized crime families in America. Manhattan District Attorney Robert Di Silva fires her and vows to destroy her for her part in the fiasco. Adam Warner, despite being married and groomed for the United States Senate, can not help falling in love with Jennifer.
US Intelligence agent Brandon Scofield and Soviet KGB agent Vasili Taleniekov make their way through the obstacles and ravages of a cabal known as the Matarese. The title appears to have been inspired by a popular, now-gone steak restaurant in Newington, Connecticut. In an introduction to the novel, Ludlum writes that he based the conspiracy on rumors about the Trilateral Commission.
The historian begins his work by constituting a chronicle of events which is to be organized into a coherent story. His four basic emplotments are provided by the archetypical genres of romance, comedy, tragedy and satire. The modes of argumentation are formist, organist, mechanicist and contextualist. Among the main types of Ideology White adopts anarchy, conservatism, radicalism and liberalism.
Author describes our ability to gauge what is really important from a very narrow period of experience. He finds that experts often make better decisions with snap judgments than they do with volumes of analysis. The book argues that intuitive judgment is developed by experience, training, and knowledge. Gladwell says better judgments can be executed from simplicity and frugality of information.
The novel's protagonist, the future "Ramses XIII," is known from the beginning. Ramses plans to win over or subordinate the priesthood, especially the High Priest of Amon, Herhor. His ultimate downfall is caused by his underestimation of his opponents and by his impatience with priestly obscurantism.
Arrival and Departure was written during the middle of World War II. It reflects Koestler's own plight as a Hungarian refugee. The main character is a former member of the Communist party. He escapes to 'Neutralia', a neutral country based on Portugal.
The school has been run since its inception ten years earlier by two elderly educators. The 300 or so students are virtually indistinguishable from one another. Their budding but suppressed sexuality is constantly alluded to in the novel. There is Miss Winstanley, young, colourless, and secretly in love with one of the few male teachers at the academy.
The story focuses on Nicole Gunther-Perrin, a young lawyer in late 20th Century Los Angeles. She is dissatisfied with her hectic life, which includes balancing her career with being a mother and dealing with her deadbeat ex-husband and sexist coworkers. Believing the past was a better time, one evening, after a particularly distressing day, she makes a wish before a plaque of two Roman gods, Liber and Libera.
A million years prior to the dawn of Homo sapiens, two immortal, shapeshifting aliens roam the Earth with little memory of their origin or their purpose. Later in the year 2019, an artifact is discovered off the coast of Samoa, buried deep beneath the ocean floor. The mysterious find brings two alien beings-the "changeling" and the "chameleon"-together again.
Lisa Kelly manages an isolated BDSM resort called The Club. The Club offers its high-end clients an exclusive setting in which they can experience the life of a Master or Mistress. Prospective sex slaves, paid at the end of their term at Eden , are presented at auctions by the most respected Trainers from across the world. As Head Female Trainer and co-founder Lisa gets first pick of the new slaves, and chooses Elliot Slater.
The novel presents the story from the perspective of Desiderio, a bureau member in the main city currently under the attack of Doctor Hoffman's desire machines. With these machines, Doctor Hoffman expands the dimensions of time and space, allowing ever-changing mirages to inhabit the same dimension as the living. The novel features many graphic scenes of eroticism that include sexual taboos.
The book's narrator, Jim Burden, arrives in the town of Black Hawk, Nebraska, on the same train as the Shimerdas. Jim develops strong feelings for Ántonia, something between a crush and a filial bond. The novel is divided into five books, some of which incorporate short stories Cather had previously written.
The novel opens as an experimental star ship tests a deadly weapon on an uninhabited world, devastating the surface. From here the story essentially follows the two main characters as they are recruited by the Sutherlin Alliance in their bid to overthrow the Alcon Empire. One of the themes that is expressed throughout the story is attachment and the human need to belong.
Main plot of the novel is generally concerned with the rise of Marius, his marriage to Julia, his success in replacing Metellus as general in charge of the Numidian theatre of war. However, although Marius can be considered the protagonist, Sulla occasionally becomes the central figure of the narrative. There are several lengthy sections dealing with his plot to murder the two wealthy women with whom he lives.
Simulacron 3 is the story of a virtual city for marketing research, developed by a scientist to reduce the need for opinion polls. The city simulation is so well-programmed, that, although the inhabitants have their own consciousness, they are unaware, except for one, that they are only electronic impulses in a computer. The protagonist, Douglas Hall, is with Lynch when he vanishes, and Hall subsequently struggles to suppress his inchoate madness.
Rakkety Tam MacBurl and his companion Wild Doogy Plumm find themselves at odds with their current rulers, Squirrelking Araltum and Idga Drayqueen. Only he who possess the Walking Stone may rule the Land of Ice and Snow. Tam eventually marries Sister Armel, and they have a daughter, Melanda.
Rebel, assassins, Ascendants and those nearing it or desiring it all converge on the region. Slaves escape to rule, the once rebellious fight rebellion, a god falls to the mortal realm and heroes are made on a Chain. The native tribes are preparing to overthrow the Malazan occupiers in an uprising known as the Whirlwind. The Path of Hands has been activated.
Memories of Ice takes place simultaneously with the events of Deadhouse Gates. On the continent of Genabackis, the Malazan 2nd Army under High Fist Dujek Onearm has turned renegade and is now known as 'Onearm's Host' The former Claw agent Toc the Younger and the T'lan Imass Tool must undertake a daring journey through Pannion territory.
House of Chains takes place immediately after the events of Deadhouse Gates on the subcontinent of Seven Cities. The evacuation of 50,000 Malazan civilians across 1,500 miles of hostile territory has ended in the tragic loss of the entire 7th army and its heroic commander, Coltaine. Meanwhile, the Chain of Dogs has become a legend spreading across Seven Cities, cowing even those responsible for its destruction.
The novel begins with the aftermath of a massive battle between an alliance of Tiste Edur and Tiste Andii. The Edur have acquired many slaves over the years, including Letherii. Rhulad returns from the dead through the machinations of the Crippled God.
The Bonehunters begins two months after the events of House of Chains. The Malazan Fourteenth Army has destroyed the army of the Whirlwind. Ganoes Paran, the new Master of the Deck of Dragons, arrives from Genabackis to help deal with the chaos.
In Darujhistan, the saying goes that Love and Death shall arrive together, dancing. Assassins skulk in alleyways but it seems the hunters have become the hunted. Strangers have arrived, and while the bards sing their tragic tales, somewhere in the distance can be heard the baying of hounds.
 Challenger sends telegrams asking his three companions from The Lost World to join him at his home outside of London. When they arrive they are ushered into a sealed room, along with Challenger and his wife. In the course of his research, Challenger has predicted that the Earth is about to come into contact with a belt of poisonous ether.
The novel's protagonist, Rennie, is a travel reporter. After surviving breast cancer, she vacations on the fictional Caribbean island St. Antoine. The island, however, is on the brink of revolution. RennIE tries to stay away from politics, but is drawn into events through her romance.
The novel alternates between flashbacks from the past and scenes from the present. The novel's protagonist, Joan Foster, is a romance novelist. Joan panics after receiving a blackmail attempt from someone who has found out about her secrets. With the help of two acquaintances, she fakes her own suicide and then flees to Italy.
Commander Krause is the captain of a US Navy destroyer in World War II. He is in overall command of an escort force protecting an Atlantic convoy. The book illustrates the difficulties of the Atlantic war. It also details the problems of the early radar and ASDIC equipment available.
The novel opens with Brown, wounded and dying, on Resolution Island. The story is then told in flashback. The first part of the story tells of Brown's birth, as a result of a liaison between his mother, Agatha Brown, and a Royal Navy officer, Lt Cdr Richard Saville-Samarez.
Amatus, the prince, manages to swig down a significant amount of the Wine of the Gods. His father, the normally gentle King Boniface, orders the executions of the four people responsible for this travesty. A year and a day later, four strangers arrive in the kingdom. The strangers are hired by the king and become known as the prince's Companions.
Stations of the Tide is the story of a bureaucrat with the Department of Technology Transfer. He must descend to the surface of Miranda to hunt a magician who has smuggled proscribed technology past the orbital embargo. The world is transformed by the flood of the Jubilee Tides.
Pinker argues that modern science has challenged three "linked dogmas" that constitute the dominant view of human nature in intellectual life. He argues that political equality does not require sameness, but policies that treat people as individuals with rights. Pinker argues that evolutionary and genetic inequality arguments do not necessarily support right-wing policies.
The novel takes place in Portugal early in the Peninsular War. The hero is Matthew Dodd, a rifleman in the 95th Regiment of Foot of the British Army. During the British withdrawal, Dodd becomes separated from his regiment and is cut off from the British forces. In an attempt to get around the French, he heads for the Tagus River.
The story is told using the first-person narrative voice of Huck Finn. It is a sequel, set in the time following the title story of the Tom Sawyer series. In the story, Tom, Huck, and Jim set sail to Africa in a futuristic hot air balloon.
Eddie McCandry is a shapeshifting prankster faerie known as a phouka. She drafts Eddi to be the key linchpin in the ongoing battle between faerie's good and noble Seelie Court and the evil Unseelie court. The novel climaxes in a rock concert playoff between Eddi and the Queen of Air and Darkness.
The novel is fundamentally the story of five months in the lives of David Bourne, an American writer, and his wife, Catherine. It is set mainly in the French Riviera, specifically in the Côte d'Azur, and in Spain. The Bournes soon meet a young woman named Marita, with whom they both fall in love.
Roy Strang narrates the book from an unexplained coma, which he has been in for the previous two years. When not hallucinating, Strang tells his life story, beginning in a "scheme" in Leith, Scotland. The family relocates to apartheid-era South Africa when he is an adolescent, where he is repeatedly molested by his uncle.
Colonists from Earth take over a planet that the locals call Athshe, which means "forest," rather than "dirt" like their home planet. The invaders take the land of these tiny forest people without any resistance. Both drug-use and homosexuality are acceptable, even in the military.
The book describes the life and the adventures of Guilford Law, a young American photographer. Law witnessed the "Miracle" as shimmering lights moving eerily across the ocean sky. By the end of the story, it is revealed to all the characters that it is really now the End of Time.
Vivian is a loup-garoux. She is the daughter of the pack's former leader, Axel. Vivian's mother Esmé and another woman named Astrid are continuously fighting over a man named Gabriel. Gabriel wins the Ordeal, and A Strid instantly starts the Bitch's Dance by attacking her mother. Without realizing what she's doing, Vivian leaps in to save her mother's life.
During World War II, a cargo vessel is wrecked off a fictional Scottish island group &mdash. Islanders nearly run out of the "water of life" and see this as an unexpected godsend. They manage to salvage several hundred cases before the ship sinks. They must thwart the efforts of the authorities to confiscate the liquor.
Colin Smith is sentenced to be confined in Ruxton Towers, a borstal for delinquent youths. Long-distance running offers Smith a welcome distraction from the brutal drudgery of the Borstal regime. He is offered the prospect of early release from Borstal, if he wins in an important cross-country competition against a prestigious public school. However, when the day of the race arrives Smith deliberately stops running a few metres short of the finishing line.
Jason Bourne is a professor of linguistics at Georgetown University. The Bourne Persona awakens when a silenced gunshot narrowly misses Webb's head. The book charts Bourne's course from the United States, to France and then to Budapest in Hungary where he learns the final thing he needs to do to stop Spalko's attack.
Journey to the East is written from the point of view of a man who becomes a member of "The League" A branch of the group goes on a pilgrimage to "the East" in search of the "ultimate Truth" The narrator speaks of traveling through both time and space, across geography imaginary and real.
True West is about the sibling rivalry between two estranged brothers who have reconnected. Austin, the younger brother, is a Hollywood screenwriter writing a screenplay while house sitting for his mother. His older brother, Lee, appears at the house and asks for Austin's help writing the script.
Narcissus and Goldmund is the story of a young man, Goldmund, who wanders around aimlessly throughout Medieval Germany. Goldmund leaves a Catholic monastery school in search of what could be described as "the meaning of life", or rather, meaning for his life. The timeline and geography of the narrative is left somewhat vague, as the tale is largely metaphorical.
The story revolves around a mixture of real and fictional characters, all connected in some way to the extended family of Victor "Pug" Henry. Mixed into the text are "excerpts" from a book written by one of the Navy Commander Victor 'Pug' Henry's children.
The story is split between parallel narratives. The odd-numbered chapters take place in the 'Hard-Boiled Wonderland' The even- numbered chapters deal with a newcomer to "The End of the World" The two storylines converge, exploring concepts of consciousness, the unconscious mind and identity.
An old journalist, who has just celebrated his 90th birthday, seeks sex with a young prostitute, who is selling her virginity to help her family. Instead of sex, he discovers love for the first time in his life. The film is based on a true story about a 90-year-old journalist and a prostitute.
Maia, at 15, lives in the Beklan Empire's province of Tonilda with her mother Morca, her three younger sisters, and her stepfather, Tharrin. Maia tends to shirk her chores by  Occula enlists Maia in frightening their captors with apparent supernatural powers. The two girls are sent to the city of Bekla.
Robert "Bobby" Pendragon is a junior high school student from Stony Brook, Connecticut. He is able to use mystical flumes to journey among ten distinct spacetime realities, called "territories" His Uncle Press, the lead Traveler, tells him that they have a crucial mission to stop the efforts of the shapeshifting demon Saint Dane.
Perceforest was first printed in Paris in 1528, as La Tres Elegante Delicieux Melliflue and Tres Plaisante Hystoire du Tres Noble Roy Perceforest. Alexander, having conquered Britain according to this accounting of origins, departs for Babylon.
The novel is an insight into the naval career of a young gentleman during the period of British Mastery of the seas in the early 19th century. The hero of the title is introduced as 'the fool of the family', son of a parson and heir presumptive to the influential Lord Privilege. This forms a sub plot among several others that run alongside the main narrative.
An experienced burglar breaks into a billionaire's house with the intent of robbing it. While there, he witnesses the President of the United States and the billionaire's wife having sex. However, their lovemaking turns violent and Secret Service agents burst in and kill the woman. Whitney escapes, but not before the Secret Service learns of his presence.
Philip Wild, an enormously corpulent scholar, is married to a slender, flighty and wildly promiscuous woman called Flora. Flora initially appealed to Wild because of another woman that he'd been in love with, Aurora Lee. The book opens at a party and there follow four continuous scenes, after which the novel becomes more fragmented.
Trisana Chandler meets Kethlun Warder, a glass mage with a dangerous power: lightning. She later finds out that he had been struck by lightning less than a year ago, and this left him paralyzed and with a great fear of lightning. He learned to walk again, but his speech is a little slow, and he lost his ease at glass-blowing. Meanwhile, mysterious murders are taking place.
The book follows 30-year-old Antoine Roquentin who settles in the fictional French seaport town of Bouville. Over time, his disgust towards existence forces him into self-hatred and near-insanity. He embodies Sartre's theories of existential angst, and he searches anxiously for meaning.
The book picks up several weeks after the original had left off. Candy Quackenbush and Malingo the Geshrat have traveled from Hour to Hour to evade the bounty hunter Otto Houlihan. Christopher Carrion's whereabouts are revealed only in the second quarter of the book, wherein he plots with the Sacbrood.
The Major invites the narrator to visit him for a while in Hungary. The Major was inspired to do his work on the land by a woman named Brigitta. The development of Brigitta's strong character is a result of almost complete lack of physical Brigitta grew up with two lovely younger sisters.
David Balfour is kidnapped by his Uncle Ebenezer and taken to the House of Shaws. There he discovers evidence that his father may have been older than his. He also learns that his uncle intended for him to have David Ransome killed by a mate on the ship the Covenant. David is denounced as a conspirator and flees for his life, but by chance reunites with Alan. The youth believes Breck to be the assassin, but Alan denies responsibility.
The book is set in mid-20th century Kenya Colony during the Mau-Mau rebellion. The blend of travel memoir and fiction opens with the white hunter Philip Percival leaving the safari group to visit his farm. The book takes place in December while the narrator, Ernest, and his wife, Mary, are in a safari camp in the Kenyan highlands.
The story takes place at Lincoln International, a fictional Chicago airport based very loosely on O'Hare International Airport. The action mainly centers on Mel Bakersfeld, the Airport General Manager. The book presents an overview of the vast and complex operations involved in operating a major commercial airport, much of which is still applicable over 40 years later.
A long-lost, priceless statue of the goddess Venus is found and placed on display in an art museum. A slow but good-hearted window dresser, Rodney Hatch, kisses the statue when intoxicated. The sculpture comes to life, and the two fall in love, although Rodney is already engaged.
Ivan Ilyich lives a carefree life that is "most simple and most ordinary and therefore most terrible" While hanging curtains for his new home, he falls awkwardly and hurts his side. As his discomfort grows, his behavior towards his family becomes more irritable. Ivan begins to question whether he has, in fact, lived a good life.
The 12.30 from Croydon is about 35-year-old Charles Swinburn. He is the owner of a factory in Cold Pickerby, Yorkshire, in which electric motors are produced. He makes a pill that looks like one of Crowther&#39;s anti-indigestion tablets. He buys a bottle of those pills, buries the poisoned pill in that bottle.
The narrator is interested in Mesmerism, a pseudoscience involving bringing a patient into a hypnagogic state by the influence of magnetism. He considers experimenting on his friend Ernest Valdemar, an author whom he had previously mesmerized, and who has recently been diagnosed with phthisis. In a trance, he reports first that he is dying - then that he's dead. The narrator leaves him in a mesmeric state for seven months, checking on him daily.
Diaspar is a seemingly ageless city in the year 10 billion AD. The last child, Alvin, was born seventeen years ago. Alvin's desire to see the outside world is considered an eccentricity. Alvin finds a way out and finds a city called Lys.
8th century king named Alobar narrowly escapes regicide at the hands of his own subjects. In present-day, a "genius waitress" named Priscilla struggles with a difficult job in a low-end Mexican restaurant. In Paris, the LeFever Parfumaire is concerned about their eccentric leader, Marcel, who equates smell as the most important factor in the forward movement of the evolutionary process.
In Kitchen, a young Japanese woman named Mikage Sakurai struggles to overcome the death of her grandmother. She gradually grows close to her grandmother's friend Yuichi and ends up staying with him and his transgender mother, Eriko. In Moonlight Shadow, a woman named Satsuki loses her boyfriend Hitoshi in an accident. She becomes friendly with his brother Hiiragi, whose girlfriend died in the same crash.
Paul Benjamin is a CPA in New York and lifelong liberal. His staid life is overturned when his daughter, Carol, and spouse, Esther, are attacked by muggers. Forced to reevaluate his views, Benjamin becomes paranoid and eager for vengeance. The second novel, Death Sentence, states that Benjamin murdered seventeen people over five weeks.
Peter Camenzind, as a youth, leaves his mountain village with a great ambition to experience the world and to become one of its denizens. The novel is purely poetical, and its protagonist in time aspires to become a poet who invests the lives of men with reality in its most beautiful of forms.
The story is set only days after the conclusion of Taran Wanderer. It is nearly winter, less than two years after events of The Castle of Llyr. Taran, Coll, Eilonwy and Gurgi travel under the unfinished banner of the White Pig on a green field.
Anne Frank began to keep a diary on June 14, 1942, two days after her 13th birthday. The group went into hiding in the sealed-off upper rooms of the annex of her father's office building in Amsterdam. With the assistance of a group of Otto Frank's trusted colleagues, they remained hidden for two years and one month.
Kira is a girl with a twisted leg who lives in a more primitive society where people who can't work die. Kira's life is spared when she proves she can embroider well. She is assigned to the task of fixing up the robe worn by the singer whose only job is to sing the story of human civilization once a year.
Matty is an energetic and impatient individual who is undergoing an awkward transition into adulthood as the story begins. Matty lives with Seer, an "unseeing" man who the people of the Village rescued years before. Many of the people in Village are like Seer: cast out from their old communities and sometimes seriously injured by a Jamison, Kira's mentor & protector.
First published in Brazil in 1949, O Homem que Calculava is a series of tales in the style of the Arabian Nights. The book is ostensibly a translation by Brazilian scholar Breno de Alencar Bianco of an original manuscript by Malba Tahan, a thirteenth century Persian scholar of the Islamic Empire.
Ken Wilber is a brilliant MIT student studying artificial intelligence. Ken believes that the future of evolution includes the departure of human consciousness from the physical realm, or "meatspace" Ken attends a series of lectures at an institution called the Integral Center. These lectures are interposed with explicit descriptions of Ken's sexual fantasies with another character, Chloe.
Veronica is a beautiful young woman from Ljubljana, Slovenia. She decides to commit suicide by ingesting too many sleeping pills. She wakes up in Villete, a mental hospital in Slovenia, where she is told she has a week to live. She realises that she has nothing to lose and can therefore do what she wants.
Wolcott takes as his subject matter popular right-wing pundits whom he dubs "attack poodles" These include such TV figures as Bill O'Reilly, Michael Savage, Chris Matthews, Dennis Miller, Rush Limbaugh, Ann Coulter, Peggy Noonan, and Robert Novak. He asserts their simplistic sloganeering which panders to disaffected Americans is destroying political discourse.
The story starts in Aidini, and takes us through the first days of the Turkish occupation. All hope and all light is lost, despite the occasional effort by the prisoners to help each other. The few bright sparks of humanity in a wasteland of inhumanity are treasured.
The book chronicles the main character's travels through Outback Australia. The second half is dedicated to his musings on the nature of man as nomad and city builder. The writing does not shy away from the actual condition of life for present day indigenous Australians. It does not present the songlines as a new-age fad but from an appreciation of the art and culture.
Central tension is created by Margaret, once a lover of the narrator, and inBOIL. InBOIL is a rebellious man who has left iDEATH to live near a forbidden area called the Forgotten Works. Margaret appears oblivious to the threats, and unconcerned about the safety of her own family and friends.
Mike Watson works for the English Broadcasting Company with his wife and co-reporter Phyllis. The novel describes escalating phases of what appears to be an invasion of Earth by never-seen aliens. The aliens are speculated to come from a gas giant, and can only survive under conditions of extreme pressures in which humans would be instantly crushed.
Gabriel, a minor Aristos, runs a group of planets containing societies devoted to artistic pursuits. An elder Ariste warns Gabriel that something is up in a nearby solar system. When they arrive they discover a horrifying truth: the planets contain life, human life. The Log Gabriel makes it his life's mission to track down Captain Yuan and bring him to justice.
Nick Bryson is fired from his job as a professor of Byzantine history. He is told to live under the alias of Jonas Barett. He lives under this alias for 5 years and becomes a popular professor. Then the Deputy Director of Every mission Bryson has undertaken was designed to hurt American interests, which horrifies him.
Abruc the otter and his son Stugg are out foraging for food. They find the bodies of two badgers; an old one, dead, and a giant one who is barely clinging to life. Martha Braebuck is a hare maid at Redwall Abbey. She is unable to walk and is confined to a wheelchair.
In the wake of the events of The Mathematics of Magic, Harold Shea and his lady love Belphebe of Faerie have married and settled happily into a mundane earthly existence. The whole group are spirited away to another world, that of the Xanadu which is the subject of Samuel Taylor Coleridge's poem Kubla Khan.
The story is a satirical look at a dystopian future in which time is strictly regulated and everyone must do everything according to an extremely precise time schedule. In this future, being late is not merely an inconvenience, but a crime. The crime carries a hefty penalty in that a proportionate amount of time is "revoked" from one's life.
The comic story deals with a young, freethinking socialite who falls desperately in love with an Episcopal minister. The result is a clash of intellects, a confrontation between faith and reason and a battle of the sexes. The book is published by Simon & Schuster.
Lord Emsworth is dismayed to hear from Baxter that he is expected to travel to London to collect the poet Ralston McTodd. Joe Keeble tries to persuade his imperious wife to let him give money to his beloved Phyllis meets some old school friends, including Eve Halliday, an assertive young girl. Eve enlists Keeble as a helper in the diamond-stealing plot.
Anne is about to start her first term teaching at the Avonlea school, although she will still continue her studies at home with Gilbert. The book soon introduces Anne's new and problematic neighbor, Mr. Harrison, and his foul-mouthed parrot. Anne discovers the delights and troubles of being a teacher, takes part in the raising of Davy and Dora, and organizes the A.V.I.S. together with Gilbert, Diana, and Fred Wright.
Anne leaves Green Gables and her work as a teacher in Avonlea to pursue her original dream of taking further education at Redmond College in Nova Scotia. During her first week of school, Anne befriends Philippa Gordon, a beautiful girl whose frivolous ways charm her. Midway through their college years, Gilbert, who has always loved Anne, proposes to her but Anne rejects him.
The book begins with Anne and Gilbert's wedding, which takes place in the Green Gables orchard. After the wedding, they move to their first home together, which Anne calls their "house of dreams" Anne also meets her new neighbor, Leslie Moore, who lost her beloved brother and her father, and then was forced by her mother to marry the mean-spirited and unscrupulous Dick Moore.
Anne of Windy Poplars takes place over the three years between Anne's graduation from Redmond College and her marriage to Gilbert Blythe. While Gilbert is in medical school, Anne takes a job as the principal of Summerside High School. At the end of the novel, Anne departs Summerside, returning to Green Gables and Avonlea for her wedding to Gilbert.
Seven years after Anne's House of Dreams, Anne visits Diana Wright and her daughter, Anne Cordelia, in Avonlea following the funeral of Gilbert's father. When she returns home to the old Morgan house, now named "Ingleside", she is greeted by her five children. During the novel, Anne and Gilbert's youngest child is born and is named Bertha Marilla Blythe.
Auberon Quin, who cares for nothing but a good joke, is chosen. The novel is humorous but also an adventure story. Chesterton does not shrink from the death in combat of some of his characters. Michael Collins, who led the fight for Irish independence from British Rule, is known to have admired the book.
Richard Rahl is the ruler of the D'Haran Empire, a collection of nations previously made up of D'Hara, the Midlands and Westland. He is currently locked in an epic struggle with the Imperial Order, an When Richard awakens, he discovers that his wife, Kahlan Amnell, the Mother Confessor, is missing.
Aghwee is the story of a composer, D, who goes mad after the death of his infant son. D talks to the spirit of his son, but refuses to interact with the people around him. D stops living in the present time to prevent the number of figures floating in his sky from increasing. The story reaches an end with D's death.
Yooks and Zooks live on opposite sides of a long curving wall, fairly similar to the Berlin Wall. The main dispute between the two cultures is that the Yooks eat their bread with the butter-side up, while the Zooks eat it with the bread-side down. The conflict between them leads to an escalating arms race, each competing to make bigger and better weapons to outdo the other.
The Family is a book about the Bush family. One of Kelley's sources for the cocaine allegation was Neil Bush's ex-wife Sharon Bush, who has since denied telling Kelley the story. Kelley claims that Sharon Bush told her the story in front of a witness and has recanted due to pressure.
By the year 3172, political power in the galaxy is split between two factions: the older Earth-based Draco and the historically younger Pleiades Federation. Both have interests in the even newer Outer Colonies, where mines produce trace amounts of the prized power source Illyrion. In doing so, Von Ray will shift the balance of power of the existing galactic order, which will bring about the downfall of the Red family.
Clive, a British colonial administrator, lives with his family, a governess and servant during turbulent times in Africa. Act 1 ends with the wedding celebrations; the final scene is Clive giving a speech while Joshua is pointing a gun at him. Act 2 is set in 1979, some of the characters of Act 1 are reappearing - for them only 25 years have passed.
The story is about judge Rachel Cutler and her husband Paul, a divorced American couple caught up in a treasure hunt for the long-missing Amber Room. In their search through Germany to uncover the secrets behind its disappearance, they escape near-death in the tunnels running through the Harz Mountains. They also discover a surprise in a hidden chamber of a Bohemian castle in the Czech Republic.
World at the End of Time follows the story of a young Earth-born human, Viktor Sorricaine, on a colony expedition to a distant star system. Unknown to both the humans of Earth and the colonists, the stars around them are home to immensely long-lived plasma creatures. Wan-To, one of the oldest and most powerful plasma creatures, is engaged in a war.
Adrian Leverkühn is an old-fashioned German type, with a cast of features 'from a time before the Thirty Years War' Both boys are heirs to the German Renaissance and the world of Dürer and Bach. Ines Rodde marries, but forms an adulterous love for Rudi Schwerdtfeger. Adrian begins to experience illnesses of retching, headaches and migraines.
Phelim awakes one morning while his sister, Prudence, is away. He soon learns that he is the inheritor of a responsibility to stop the apocalyptic Stoor Worm from waking. In order to do this, he must rally the three symbolic figures of Maiden, Fool, and Horse.
The Marquis of Vidal is known as Devil's Cub not only for the excesses of his father but for his own wild habits. As he is paying court to a girl of the bourgeoisie, Sophia Challoner, he also participates in a rather impromptu duel. He intends to bring Sophia with him as his mistress, but her strait-laced sister Mary has no intention of allowing her sister to be ruined.
When Sofia's hometown is destroyed by The Bandits, Muazena, the village's wise woman, must find a way to teach Sofia the secrets in the fire. Sofia must overcome multiple adversities such as losing both her sister and her legs to a land mine and all of the strife that comes with growing up.
 Ballard's novel describes a world in which water is scarce. The drought is caused by industrial waste flushed into the ocean. Since the novel was published, plastic islands such as the Great Pacific Garbage Patch have been discovered. The impact on ocean evaporation and the precipitation cycle has not been studied.
The story starts with the hero, Kirill, being "erased" from daily life in present-day Moscow. After a while he is phoned and invited to an old water tower - but inside is his future home and working place. There it is revealed to him that he is able to open doors, leading to other worlds.
The story is set in an unnamed Latin American country that is painfully third world. The plot revolves around a captured prisoner who may or may not be the second coming of Christ. He is said to be able to perform miracles such as walk through walls. This creates many moral dilemmas with the play's cast of characters.
Interstellar Pig is a board game in which the key objective is to finish the game with the Piggy card in hand. Each player picks their character from a box of cards depicting different aliens. When the time runs out, every home is amazed when the neighbors keep choosing the same character cards. The Piggy tells him that it created the game so that it could be loved and appreciated.
Tycho Tithonus is an 11 year-old boy named after a famous artist or scientist. He finds a pocket sized time machine in the family's garden. He immediately uses it to change some things from the past and to visit the future. But as he travels more and more he realizes that he is turning into something horrible.
Adrian Mole and the Weapons of Mass Destruction was typed by Townsend's husband from dictation. The novel is a bestseller due to the series' dedicated fan base. Critics have praised the novel for its combination of sitcom-style humour with an underlying element of tragedy and pathos.
The story begins as Mr. and Mrs. Mallard fly over various potential locations to start a family. The mallards finally decide on an island in the Charles River. Shortly thereafter, the mallards molt, and would not be able to fly again, until their new wings grew again. The family decides to stay in the Garden and lives happily ever after.
A woman arrives in Guernsey, with her son Gilliat, and buys a house said to be haunted. The boy grows up, the woman dies and Gilliat becomes a good fisherman and sailor. In time he falls in love with her and goes to play the bagpipes near her house. Sieur Clubin, the trusted captain of Durande, sets up a plan to sink the ship and flee.
Hugo's narrative describes a single drop of frozen milk, resembling a pearl, suspended from the dead woman's nipple. The first major character whom the reader is introduced to is a mountebank who dresses in bearskins and calls himself Ursus. Ursus lives in a caravan, which he conveys to holiday fairs and markets throughout southern England.
The year is 1793. In Brittany during the Royalist insurrection of the Chouannerie. A troop of Blues encounter Michelle Fléchard and her three young children. She explains that her husband and parents have been killed. Marquis de Lantenac is a Breton aristocrat whose leadership could transform the fortunes of the rebellion.
A man who has been condemned to death by the guillotine in 19th century France writes down his cogitations, feelings and fears while awaiting his execution. His writing traces his change in psyche vis-a-vis the world outside the prison cell throughout his imprisonment. The novel ends just after he briefly but desperately begs for pardon and curses the people of his time.
Washington, D.C. homicide investigator and forensic psychologist Alex Cross investigates the brutal murders of two black prostitutes and an infant. Math teacher Gary Soneji kidnaps Maggie Rose Dunne and is obsessed with kidnappings, particularly that of the Lindbergh baby. Cross hypnotizes him several times, learning he seems to have a split personality. Despite the defense's best effort at insanity plea, S oneji is imprisoned.
This story concerns the siblings Paul and Elisabeth who start this story without a father and with a bed-ridden mother. At school Paul is obsessed with the feminine looking Dargelos, while Paul's school friend Gerard is enthralled by the siblings. While nursing Paul they start an incestuous love and begin playing the game. This game continues after Paul recovers and their mother has died.
The novel begins on January 8, 1919, the day that Theodore Roosevelt is buried. In 1896, a young boy whom Kreizler had saved from being institutionalized brings Moore to the scene of a crime. The group begins to investigate the victims, hoping to understand the mind of the murderer by understanding his victims.
Audre Lorde is the daughter of Black West Indian parents. Legally blind as a child, she learns to read before going to school. After graduation, she leaves home and shares a flat with friends of Jean's. She also goes out with Peter, a white boy who jilts her on New Year's Eve.
David decides to move to France to find himself. After a year in Paris, penniless, he calls Jacques, an older homosexual acquaintance, to meet him for supper so he can ask for money. Meanwhile, David and Giovanni become friends. David imagines that after Giovanni has compromised himself, Guillaume makes excuses for why he cannot rehire him as a bar tender.
The story is about Eliza Wharton, the daughter of a clergyman. At the beginning of the novel she has just been released from an unwanted marriage. After a short period of time living with friends, she is courted by two men. Eliza eventually decides that she really loved Boyer and wants him back.
The story describes a young middle-class Englishwoman who "had no luck" Though outwardly successful, she is haunted by a sense of failure. The family's lifestyle exceeds its income and unspoken anxiety about money permeates the household. Her children, a son Paul and his two sisters, sense this anxiety and Paul claims he can hear the house "whispering"
The protagonist is born in the mid-1960s. After her father's premature death when she is seven, she and her sister are brought up in England by their mother. Conditioned to believe that pre-marital sex is a sin, at 18 the heroine is forced into an early marriage.
All of the Universe is the creation of the Dreens, who possess the power of "idmaging", turning their thoughts into reality. They can create whole worlds, of which the wild, ungovernable planet Earth is one. But suddenly Earth is a threat, its people on the verge of discovering interstellar travel.
The plot involves a 24th century entrepreneur-tycoon-scientist, Simeon Krug, who has created a race of androids to serve humanity. Krug directs the construction of an immense tower of glass in the Canadian tundra. The edifice is not a monument, however, but a way to communicate with a distant planetary nebula, NGC 7293.
The storyline focuses on Maureen, an underage streetwalker who is stabbed by her pimp. Maureen uses her wits to help defeat the man; this convinces Sally to let her stay in a non-sexual context. The plot skips to Maureen becoming eighteen, she is allowed to take on sexual duties.
Hercule Savinien Cyrano de Bergerac is a cadet in the French Army. He has an extremely large nose, which is the reason for his own self-doubt. Cyrano disrupts the play, chases him off stage, and compensates the manager for the loss of admission fees.
Le wishes to write a set of definitions to prepare handicapped children like his son for the real world. Le relates his interpretations of events with Eeyore in light of Blake's poetry, and discusses the influence of and similarities between Blake's work on his own. He struggles with definitions for concepts such as "death," only to learn that his son has just as much to teach him about life.
In the prologue, Jennifer Sharifi evicts her granddaughter from the Sanctuary Orbital. The Supers are later revealed to have moved to Selene Base on the moon. Jackson Aranow, M.D Theresa visits a bizarre Liver enclave where trios of people inject themselves with a red syringe.
The novel depicts the inward journey of Mrs. Curren, an old classics professor. She lives in the Cape Town of the Apartheid era, where she is slowly dying of cancer. The book is framed as an extended letter from the mother to her daughter in America. Coetzee brings together important themes in this book.
Joel Backman is a Washington power broker-lobbyist. His life falls apart when a deal collapses involving a hacked spy satellite. Six years later, the political wheels in Washington have turned and other power-hungry men are eager for his blood. The CIA intends to sit back and wait to see which one gets him first.
A Hexagon is the grandson of A Square, a mathematician and scientist. Together, they come upon a theory to explain the unusual measurements. With help from the sphere from the first novel, they are able to prove this theory. However, the established scientific community is not able to comprehend the idea proposed by the two.
Midshipman Hornblower is put in command of the French ship Marie Galante, carrying a cargo of rice from New Orleans. He is instructed to take the captured French ship and her crew to a British port where he is. This novel is episodic, with named chapters that often focus on a self contained incident.
Hornblower is the Fifth and junior Lieutenant on HMS Renown. Captain James Sawyer suffers from paranoid schizophrenia. Captain Sawyer falls head-first into the hold, and is incapable of command. First Lieutenant Buckland takes charge, but is overwhelmed by the responsibility. Hornblower brilliantly retrieves the situation, when he suggests a surprise attack at night.
In 1803, Hornblower is promoted from Lieutenant to Commander and appointed to command the sloop HMS Hotspur. While readying for sea, he hastily marries Maria, the daughter of his landlady, at the Garrison Church, Portsmouth. He marries her not out of love but out of pity, and is forced to exercise his acting ability to make her believe that he genuinely loves her. Hotspur reconnoiters the approaches to the French naval base of Brest, and narrowly avoids capture when war is declared.
Across the River and Into the Trees begins in the first chapter with the frame story of 50-year-old Colonel Cantwell's duckhunting trip to Trieste. In the second chapter, Hemingway moves Cantwell back in time with a stream of consciousness interior monologue. The novel ends with Cantwell suffering a series of fatal heart attacks.
John Conlan and Lorraine Jensen, two high school sophomores, pledge that they will report only the facts about their experiences with Mr. Pignati. From the first meeting, the two teenagers and the old man become close friends. When John, Lorraine, and two teen troublemakers, Norton Kelly and Dennis Kobin make prank phone calls, they reveal what they already know: his wife is dead. Overcome with grief and the heaviness of the recent events, Mr.
The story is mostly a first-person narrative. It begins with a woman who has no memory of her past waking up and discovering that she is a mother of some description. After some confusing experiences her memory gradually returns and she recalls that she was part of an experiment using a drug to see if it enabled people to have out-of-body experiences. It seems that the drug has worked far better than anyone could have anticipated: she has been cast into the future.
Ages in Chaos was Velikovsky's first full-length work on the subject. He claimed that the history of the ancient Near East down to the time of Alexander the Great is garbled. In this and later volumes he made heavy use of the concept of "ghost doubles" or alter-egos.
Inkheart follows the adventures of a 12-year-old girl named Meggie Folchart. Her life changes dramatically when she discovers that her father, a bookbinder, has an unusual ability which is that when he reads aloud, he can bring characters and items from books into the real world.
This was Ray Bradbury's first novel since the publication of Something Wicked This Way Comes. It evokes both the milieu and style of other mystery writers Raymond Chandler, Dashiell Hammett, James M. Cain, and Ross Macdonald. Two sequels followed, advancing the writer's career to 1954 and 1960.
The book is told in a conversational style with questions posed by Ann and responded to by Tori. They compiled the material for the book through phone calls, e-mail conversations and in-person interviews. Along with details about Amos' career, music and personal life it also delves into mythology and religion in a fashion often associated with Amos.
Birthright spans a timeline of nearly 17 millennia, beginning at a very early stage of expansion from Earth and ending with the death of the last humans. The biggest theme is undeniably the search for the elusive quality that allows mankind to overcome all opposition and manage the unique feat of conquering the entire galaxy.
Westward Ho! follows the adventures of Amyas Leigh, an unruly child who as a young man follows Francis Drake to sea. Amyas spends time in the Caribbean seeking gold, and eventually returns to England at the time of the Spanish Armada, finding his true love, the beautiful Indian maiden Ayacanora.
India Opal Buloni is a 10-year-old girl who has just moved to a trailer park in the small town of Naomi, Florida, with her itinerant preacher father. While in the Winn-Dixie supermarket, she encounters a scruffy dog wreaking havoc. Opal also befriends the very wealthy librarian Miss Franny Block, who shares great stories about her past.
Princess Irene lives a lonely life in a wild, desolate, mountainous kingdom, with only her nursemaid, "Lootie" for company. Due to her sheltered upbringing, her father being absent attending to affairs of state and her mother being dead, Irene has never known about the existence of the goblins. These goblins are grotesque and hideous beings, who centuries ago were once human, but due to varying reasons, were driven underground and were malformed and distorted by their new lifestyle. This caused them to despise the humans above the ground and vow revenge against them.
The fairies rule by Queen Lulea are dancing in the Forest of Burzee. The power of the cloak is first seen when Fluff wishes she could be happy again, and she becomes so King Bud&mdash;is welcomed by the high counselors and the people of Nole as their new king.
The book is a lyrical account of the life of Mohammed Ahmed, the eighth daughter of Hajji Ahmed Suleyman. Frustrated by his failure to bring a son into the world, Ahmed is determined that his youngest daughter will be raised as a boy. The story is told by a wandering storyteller, who reveals his tale, bit by bit, to an enthusiastic, though sometimes skeptical audience.
The novel tells the story of an adolescent runaway from home with a proclivity for violence. Three epigraphs open the book: quotations from French writer Paul Valéry, from German Christian mystic Jacob Boehme. After a violent encounter with a bartender, he joins a party of ill-armed U.S. Army irregulars on a filibustering mission.
The novel tells of John Grady Cole, a 16 year old cowboy who grew up on his grandfather's ranch in San Angelo, Texas. The story begins in 1949, soon after the death of Grady's grandfather, when Grady Blevins' origins and the authenticity of his name are never quite clarified.
Cowperwood moves to Chicago with his new wife Aileen. He decides to take over the street-railway system. Chicago society finds out about his past in Philadelphia and the couple are no longer invited to dinner parties. The ending is bittersweet as Cowperwood has not managed to obtain the fifty-year franchise for his railway schemes.
The story takes place in the 19th century Egypt. StanisBaw Tarkowski and Nel Rawlison live with their families and grow up in the city of Port Said. The children set out in an arduous journey through the African desert and jungle. The journey is full of dangers and adventures.
Tesla's personal account is divided into six chapters covering different periods of his life. "The progressive development of man is vitally dependent on invention" "I felt that the battle was won. Back in the deep recesses of the brain was the solution, but I could not yet give it outward expression"
Child of God tells the story of Lester Ballard, a dispossessed, violent man. Ballard's life is a disastrous attempt to exist outside the social order. The novel is structured in three segments, each describing the ever-growing isolation of the protagonist from society. The second and third parts of the novel increasingly leave culture and community behind.
Suttree is living alone in a houseboat, on the fringes of society on the Tennessee River. He has left a life of luxury, rejecting his father and family, and abandoning his wife and son. The novel begins with Suttree observing police as they pull a suicide from the river. A large cast of characters, largely misfits and grotesques, is introduced.
 McCarthy explores themes throughout the action such as the mystical passage on page 22 describing his father setting a trap. The title contributes the notion that it is not just crossing a border, but at one point, the crossing of one&#39;s soul between dream and consciousness.
John Grady and Billy work together on a cattle ranch south of Alamogordo, New Mexico. The ranch's owners are kind, but face an uncertain future in a dying industry. After John Grady's death, a short epilogue -- not unlike the conclusion of Blood Meridian -- details the next several decades of Billy's life.
This novel deals with the attempts of the son of Chola king Parthiban, Vikraman, to attain independence from the Pallava ruler, Narasimhavarman. The Cholas remain vassals of the Pallavas. In the resulting war Parthiba is killed and in the battlefield an enigmatic monk promises to him that he will make sure his son fulfills his dream. The novel climaxes with the identity of the monk being finally being revealed as pallava king, Nar asimhAVarman and establishment of the independent Chola kingdom.
The novel opens with a brief prologue set in 1957 in which the narrator, an Italian Jew, describes a visit to the Finzi-Contini family mausoleum. The first part of the book covers the narrator's childhood experiences, describing the various social circles of the local Jewish population. The narrator declares, shyly at first but more and more forcefully, his love for Micòl.
Mary Mallory has spent the last seven years in isolation caring for her invalid aunt. After the latter's death, Mary realizes that she has to earn her own money. She answers the ad of a Comtesse Zamoyski, who is looking for a companion with whom to travel to the Côte d'Azur.
The books opens in our own world, at the University of Toronto, where the five main characters are all fellow students. They attend a lecture by a Professor Lorenzo Marcus, who afterwards reveals to them that he is in reality Loren Silvercl. Kim, Paul, Jennifer and Kevin discover that Brennin is in the midst of a crippling drought.
The plot concerns a young woman biochemist who discovers that a chemical extracted from an unusual strain of lichen can be used to retard the ageing process. The two central characters are Diana Brackley and Francis Saxover, two biochemists who run parallel investigations. Diana tries to cover up the real source of the drug, since the lichen is very rare and difficult to grow. She fakes her own death, in the hope of inspiring the women of Britain to fight for the rights she tried to secure for them.
It is a future history, set from 1994 to 2194. It tells the story, with chapters at 50-year intervals, of the exploration of the solar system. This is told through the Troon family, several members of which play an important part. They all feel "the outward urge", the desire to travel further into space.
The novel is divided into four sections. Each detail a particular day in the four months that spanned the summer of 1958. In June takes up half of the book and shows the narrator meeting up with various teenaged friends and some adults in various parts of London. In August has the narrator and his father take a cruise along the Thames towards Windsor Castle. In September is set on the narrator's nineteenth birthday.
Trelane, who first appeared in the original Star Trek episode "The Squire of Gothos", is revealed to be a member of the Q Continuum. He taps into the power of the continuum and uses this ability to tamper with time and reality, resulting in the intersection of three different parallel universes. When the tracks begin to merge, the characters from separate universes begin to appear to one another.
Cloud Atlas consists of six nested stories that take the reader from the remote South Pacific in the nineteenth century to a distant, post-apocalyptic future. Each tale is revealed to be a story that is read by the main character in the book. The sixth story occupies the central position in the novel, and is the only one not to be interrupted.
Two nine-year-old girls-rude Lisa Palfy from Vienna, and respectful shy Lottie Horn from Munich-meet on a summer camp in Bohrlaken on Lake Bohren. They have never seen each other before, but soon find out that they are identical twins. It turns out that their parents divorced, each keeping one of the girls.
The central character is not Spartacus himself, but Kleon, a fictional Greek educated slave and eunuch who joins the revolt. Another important character is Elpinice, a female slave who helps Spartacus and his fellow gladiators escape from Capua. She gives birth to a son, but while Spartacus is fighting elsewhere she is raped and murdered by soldiers, and the child is also killed.
Naomis story is focused around a man's obsession for a modan garu or modern girl. JMji sees Naomi for the first time in a café and instantly falls for her exotic "Eurasian" looks, Western-sounding name, and sophisticated mannerisms. He pays for her English education, and though she has little grammar skills in it, she possesses beautiful pronunciation.
Alton Locke is the story of a young tailor-boy who has aspirations beyond the normal expectations of his working-class background. In the course of the narrative, Alton Locke loves and struggles in vain. Physically, he is a weak man, but is able to encompass all the best emotions, along with vain longings, wild hopes, and a righteous indignation at the plight of his contemporaries.
Paladin of Souls is a sequel to The Curse of Chalion. It is set some three years after the events of that novel. It follows Ista, mother of the girl who became Royina in that book. The Bastard, god of disasters and of things out of season, becomes a larger presence in this novel.
Mademoiselle de Chartres is a sheltered heiress, 16 years old. Her mother has brought her to the court of Henri II to seek a husband with good financial and social prospects. The young woman accepts the overtures of a middling suitor, the Prince de Clèves. The two fall in love, yet do nothing to pursue their affections.
The plot is founded on a story told to George Eliot by her aunt Elizabeth Evans, a Methodist preacher. The novel revolves around a love "rectangle" between beautiful but self-absorbed Hetty Sorrel, Captain Arthur Donnithorne, the young squire who seduces her, Adam Bede, her unacknowledged suitor.
Guy Openshaw is 44 years old and on his death bed. Cancer is coming down hard on Guy, and he cannot stand the stream of visitors to his London flat. The Tim-Gertrude affair and subsequent marriage is the heart of the book. It is a good study of class relations and the younger man-older woman romance.
Griffin Silverwing is the son of Shade and Marina, a Brightwing bat. He has difficulty relating to the other newborn bats because he is a hybrid. Goth, the antagonist of the previous two books, awakens in the Underworld and discovers that he is dead. Frieda believes that the Tree will send Griffin back.
At 16, Peter d'Abo is an elusive boy. He poses as a delivery boy and gains entrance into the Marks' private home. He is overwhelmed by Martina Mark and her mother, who is also living there, and persuaded to stay and work for them as a servant. Meanwhile Lennox Mark is planning General Bindiga's state visit in London. The Daily Legion launches a campaign against the priest, alleging that he has a history as a child molester.
Luke and Leia are trying to persuade the Circarpousians to join the Rebel Alliance. A strange energy storm forces them to crash land on the swampy planet Mimban. An old woman identifies Luke as one who is strong with the Halla. She tells them that if they help her find it, she will help them get off the planet.
Fedor Protasov is tormented by the belief that his wife Liza has never really chosen between him and the more conventional Victor Karenin. He wants to kill himself, but doesn't have the nerve. Running away from his life, he first falls in with Gypsies, and into a sexual relationship with a Gypsy singer, Masha.
A green baby caterpillar hatches from an egg, and from birth he experiences a humongous and perpetual craving for food. He consumes enormous quantities of multiple different types of foods until inadvertently nauseating itself, so he spins a cocoon. Later, the caterpillar emerges as a bright, colorful butterfly with big gorgeous multi-colored wings.
The Q1 module was the first to offer a glimpse into the Abyss itself, home to the D&D race of Demons. It features a map of the maze-like Demonweb Pits, a series of interweaving passageways constructed in a maelstrom of lost souls in the abyssal plane. The dungeon also introduced Lolth's handmaidens, the demonic Yochlol.
The novel centers around the investigation of a medical student named Sean into a mysterious cancer called medulloblastoma. In his investigation, Sean learns that the institute is responsible for the creation of the cancer. The secret behind their offering of 100% remission of the disease is that the creators had also invented an antibody to the disease.
The story centers around a day in the life of Wilhelm Adler, a failed actor in his forties. In Seize the Day Wilhelm experiences a day of reckoning as he is forced to examine his life and to finally accept the "burden of self". it:La resa dei conti  
Vix Vix is the daughter of Lambert "Lamb" Somers and Tawny Somers. Vix's home life consists of her controlling mother, an average-joe father, and three younger siblings, Lanie, Lewis, and her favorite: her wheelchair-using brother Nathan. The novel begins with a phone call from Caitlin to Vix.
End Zone is perhaps the most easily accessible of DeLillo's early works. Gary spends time playing football, picnicking with a girl named Myna, and contemplating nuclear warfare. Its meditative but ultimately playful nature, spry dialogue, and deep but mostly unconnected themes make it a great read.
Death Rat! is primarily a satire, with its main subject being the state of Minnesota. Mike Nelson includes parodies of famous Minnesota residents like Prince and Garrison Keillor, as well as the attitudes and quirks of Minnesotans in general. The protagonist is Pontius Feeb, an author of many historical treatises who has just been fired.
The story begins with Surprise in the Strait of Magellan, caught up in foul weather. Hanson first spots Cape Pilar at the very opening of the Strait, and soon Surprise moors and conducts some trade with the inhospitable locals. The South African squadron, under its Commander-in-Chief Admiral Lord Leyton, finally makes its appearance and the crew of Surprise bring their ship up to a high state of perfection.
The story centers on the relationship between Mrs Kitty Warren, a brothel owner, and her daughter, Vivie. The play also focuses on Mrs. Warren's handsome young friends Mr. Praed and George Crofts, and the local reverend, Samuel Gardner, who becomes the catalyst of the play.
Jack Isidore is a socially awkward tire regroover obsessed with amateur scientific inquiry since his teens. He catalogs old science magazines, collects worthless objects, and believes disproved theories, such as the notions that the Earth is hollow or that sunlight has weight. Jack eventually moves in with his sister's family in a luxurious farm house in suburban California.
Many have likened Join My Cult!s non-linear or cut-up style to Thomas Pynchon, William Burroughs, and Robert Anton Wilson. Various plot elements focus on groups of suburban kids experimenting with shamanism and hallucinogens, who quickly discover themselves unhinged from the culture around them.
Wister weaves a tale of action, violence, hate, revenge, love and friendship. In one scene, the Virginian must participate in the hanging of an admitted cattle thief, who had been his close friend. A fatal shootout resolves the ongoing conflict with Trampas, after five years of hate.
The novel is written in the third-person and Burroughs commented in the "Introduction" published in 1985, that it represents him off heroin. The novel begins with the introduction of "Lee," who recounts his life in Mexico City. Lee is self-conscious, insecure, and driven to pursue a young man named Allerton.
The novel begins with an inflated and parodic but reasonably accurate portrayal of Ellis' early fame. It details incidents of his wild drug use and his publicly humiliating book tours to promote Glamorama. The novel dissolves into fiction as Ellis describes a liaison with an actress named Jayne Dennis, whom he later marries.
War and Remembrance completes the cycle that began with The Winds of War. Story includes historical occurrences at Midway, Yalta, Guadalcanal, and El Alamein as well as the Allied invasions at Normandy. Adolf Hitler appears in the miniseries in a more prominent role.
The plot focuses on Adam Salton, originally from Australia, who is contacted by his great-uncle. Adam travels to Richard Salton's house in Mercia, Lesser Hill, and quickly finds himself at the centre of mysterious and inexplicable occurrences. The new heir to the Caswall estate, known as Castra Regis, the Royal Camp, appears to be making some sort of a mesmeric assault on a local girl.
The novel begins with Stanton Carlisle, the story's protagonist, observing the geek show at a Ten-in-One where has recently begun working. Stan asks the carnival's talker Clem Hoately where geeks come from. Clem replies that geeks don't come from anywhere - rather, they're "made": a sideshow owner finds an alcoholic bum and offers him a temporary job.
The Mexican adaptation is set in the Atlantic coast of Mexico. Francisco Alcazar had an affair with a married woman who was physically abused by her husband. The woman became pregnant and died when the child was 3 years old. This love-child is, in fact, Francisco's true firstborn.
Both the short story and the novel open in a post-apocalyptic Southern California. Several police states have emerged in place of the former United States. Hurricane-force winds above five hundred feet prevent any sort of air travel. Hell Tanner, an imprisoned killer, is offered a full pardon for taking on a suicide mission.
Poirot disguised himself as Norton by removing his wig, putting on Norton's dressing-gown and ruffling up his grey hair. Norton had perfected the technique of which Iago in Othello is master. Poirot's last actions were to write the confession and await his death. Last wish is implicitly that Hastings will marry Elizabeth Cole.
The story revolves around Tatsumi HMjyM, a seventeen year old girl and heir to a clan of Yumegari. The dream hunter's mission is to investigate the dreams of others and actively participate in them if necessary. Despite the warnings from her clan about Kyousuke, Tatsumi continues to work with him, fulfilling her dangerous and uncertain role.
Much of the play is set in the locker room of a professional baseball team. It explores themes of homophobia, racism, class and masculinity in sports. The play's main character, Darren Lemming, is a popular and successful mixed-race baseball player at the peak of his career when he decides to come out.
Willis Davidge, a human fighter pilot, is stranded along with Jeriba Shigan, a Drac, on a hostile planet. The Drac are a race of aliens which are reptilian in appearance and reproduce asexually. They initially attempt to kill one another but quickly realize that cooperation will be the key to their survival.
In 1958, Ruth Cole is four years old. Her two older brothers died four years earlier in a car accident. In 1990, Ruth is thirty-six. She is in Europe, dealing with the failures of her love life as she herself has become a successful writer. Ruth is about to fall in love for the first time. This section covers Ruth's brief widowhood.
An undefined military intelligence organisation, based in Blackfriars Road, London, has been resting on its laurels since its successes running agents against the Nazis during the Second World War. Its tasks are gradually being taken over by the more experienced Circus, led by "Control" and his right hand man George Smiley. The Department expends most of its energies on administrative tasks and on a bureaucratic turf war with the more professional Circus.
As originally published, De Quincey's account was organized into two parts. Part I was devoted to the author's childhood and youth, and concentrated upon the emotional and psychological factors that underlay the later opium experiences &mdash. Part II is split into several sections: The Pleasures of Opium, which discusses the early and largely positive phase of theAuthor's experience with the drug, from 1804 until 1812.
The story was set in a rural community. Its protagonist, Efuru, is a strong and beautiful woman. She loses her child and has two unhappy marriages. At the end she goes to the lake goddess, Uhamiri, who is like a mirror of herself.
 Wilde takes an American family, places them in a British setting, then pits one culture against the other. Sir Simon is not a symbol of England, as perhaps Mrs. Umney is, but rather a paragon of British culture. Virginia says that the ghost helped her see the significance of life and death, and why love is stronger than both.
The novella tells the story of a young woman, Satsuki, coming to terms with the death of her boyfriend, Hitoshi, in a car accident. With Japanese cultural and surrealistic themes, it is an example of Yoshimoto's clean writing style that portrays the emotions of grief, loss, and hope.
As a youngster Veil is naughty and mischievous, but as a young adult his true vermin nature begins to show through. He is eventually banished, by Bella, from the Abbey when he attempts to poison Friar Bunfold's. He stays with her until her death many seasons later. He then returns to the western coast to rule at Salamandastron.
Eight gay friends spend the three major holiday weekends of one summer together for Memorial Day, the Fourth of July, and Labor Day. Infidelity, flirtations, soul-searching, AIDS, truth-telling and skinny-dipping mix monumental questions about life and death with a wacky dress rehearsal for Swan Lake performed in drag.
Sandow is jolted from his wealthy, indolent lifestyle by a series of messages, each accompanied by a picture of one of a number of people once important to him, and all dead for many years. Sandow learns that his tormentor is Gringrin, another Pei'an who was denied communion with a deity despite passing almost all the tests. All the forces on the planet will be allied with Sandow; he is the world's God.
In this work Evola argues for a radical restructuring of society based on his view of Tradition. Evola takes as his jumping off point Italian Fascism and to a lesser degree German National Socialism and describes the ways that the two failed to achieve his ideal. Despite similarities, Evola's ideas differ dramatically from those of the fascists.
William de Worde is the black sheep of an influential Ankh-Morpork family. He makes extra pocket money by producing a gossipy newsletter for foreign notables. He falls in with a group of dwarves who have come to William has assembled a newsroom staff, including Sacharissa Cripslock.
The book is regarded as pseudoscientific by skeptics and many scientists. One of the book's claims is that plants may be sentient despite their lack of a nervous system and a brain. The book includes unscientific experiments on plant stimuli, as through a polygraph, which was pioneered by Cleve Backster.
Martin Gibson, a famous science fiction author, is travelling to Mars, as a guest of the crew of the spaceship Ares. He meets the Chief Executive of Mars, Warren Hadfield, and Mayor Whittaker, who run the colony from the base at Port Lowell. Gibson finds himself so persuaded of the importance of Mars as a self-sufficient world that he applies to stay.
Kenji is a Japanese "nightlife" guide for foreigners. He navigates gaijin men around the sex clubs and hostess bars of Tokyo. On December 29 he receives a phone call from an American named Frank. While Kenji has promised to spend more time with his girlfriend, Jun, the money is too good to pass up.
Kensuke Yazaki takes a nostalgic look at the year 1969 when he, as an ambitious and aspiring seventeen-year-old, living in Sasebo, in western Kyushu. His priorities are girls, cinema, music, literature, pop culture, organising a school festival "The Morning Erection Festival" and finding a way to change the world somehow.
The novel takes place during the Vietnam War and tells of two sisters aged 15 and 14. Throughout their sad adventure, the young girls recall important events in which they were involved, such as the Tet offensive. However, their recollections center more on the countryside, the colors and the scents and smells of their childhood.
Derace Kingsley, a wealthy businessman, hires Marlowe to find his estranged wife Crystal. He meets Bill Chess, the caretaker of his vacation home. Chess is depressed over having been abandoned by his wife Muriel. In L.A. he travels to the corrupt neighboring town of Bay City to interview Chris Lavery, who appears to have some kind of guilty knowledge.
An unknown client hires Marlowe to follow a woman traveling under the name Eleanor King. The blackmailer is found dead on Mayfield's hotel room balcony. Mayfield decides to marry a local criminal-turned-respectable, who has taken a romantic interest in her.
The book is the story of Felix Rayman, a down-and-out mathematics teacher at SUCAS with a troubled family life and dead-in-the-water career. He begins experimenting with lucid dreaming-aided by "fuzz weed" -hoping to gain insight into Cantor's continuum hypothesis. During an out-of-body experience, Felix loses his physical body and nearly falls victim to the Devil.
The story is set in the country of Opium, a strip of land between Mexico and the United States. Opium is essentially an opium-producing estate, ruled by Matteo Alacrán. The main character, Matt, is a clone of El Patrón, an incredibly powerful, 148-year-old drug lord. Matt was grown from a set of cells taken from ElPatrón decades ago, then frozen.
The Lake House starts some time after When the Wind Blows. The bird children - Max, Matthew, Ozymandias, Wendy, Peter, and Icarus - are all depressed and unhappy in their new "normal" lives and wish to return to live with Frannie and Kit. The children are forced to put up with harassment from various reporters and paparazzi.
The story deals with the literary world that Gissing himself had experienced. Its title refers to the London street, Grub Street, which in the 18th century became synonymous with hack literature. Milvain Reardon is driven to separate from his wife, Amy Reardon, née Yule.
Bovo is the son of an aged king and his young mother. He is kidnapped and taken to Flanders to be a stable boy to a king. The heathen sultan of Babylonia arrives, backed by ten thousand warriors, to demand Druzane in marriage for his ugly son, Lucifer. In the ensuing war the king of Flanders is captured. Bovo defeats the sultan's army, slays Lucifer, frees the king, and is promised the hand of Druzanes.
Alvin and Arthur stay at a boarding house where mixed-blood children are cared for by Papa Moose and Momma Squirrel. While there, Alvin uses his knack to cleanse the mosquitoes and disease from a well. A young woman, whom the people call Dead Mary, sees what he has done and asks him to come with her and heal her mother, who has yellow fever. Because Alvin heals her, the Yellow Fever spreads throughout Nueva Barcelona.
Bobby Gould is head of production at a major Hollywood studio. His job is to find suitable scripts to bring to studio head Richard Ross to be made into big Hollywood movies. Gould offers Karen a chance to take part in the process by reading the book and delivering to him her opinion of it him that night at his home.
The Aleph is a point in space that contains all other points. Anyone who gazes into it can see everything in the universe from every angle simultaneously. The story continues the theme of infinity found in several of Borges' other works, such as The Book of Sand. The protagonist is a fictionalized version of the author.
The story takes place in an unnamed school classroom, in the aftermath of a war with an unnamed country. It is implied that a country similar to America has been defeated and occupied. The story opens with the previous teacher leaving the classroom, having been removed from her position and replaced with an agent of the foreign power.
Meg Finn is in trouble. Her mother is dead and her only family is an abusive stepfather. When she is forced to help Belch Brennan, a dim-witted criminal, rob the elderly Lowrie McCall, the attempted burglary ends in disaster. In an attempt to scare Meg, Belch shoots by a gas tank which explodes, killing them both. While Belch is sent straight to hell Meg's perfect balance between good and evil earns her a chance to redeem herself and get blue in her Aura.
The Supernaturalist takes place in Satellite City, a large city in an unspecified location in the Northern Hemisphere. Much of Satellite City is controlled by the Satellite, owned by Myishi Corporation. The eponymous Supernaturalists are a group of teens who are trying to kill as many Parasites as possible.
The novel was loosely adapted to a movie Intimacy in 2001. Set in contemporary London, the story tells why the protagonist wants to leave his family. The timespan of the novel is roughly 24 hours. There is no actual development of the main character, and in the end he leaves the family.
Dona, Lady St. Columb, makes a sudden visit with her children to Navron, her husband's remote estate in Cornwall. There she finds that the property is being used as a base by a notorious French pirate who has been terrorizing the Cornish coast. Dona finds the pirate, Jean-Benoit Aubéry, is not a desperate character at all, but rather a more educated and cultured man than her own doltish husband.
The novel ends as Coruscant is invaded by Separatist forces. The Supreme Chancellor effectively orders the Jedi on a wild-goose chase. All records of Kamino are erased in Star Wars Episode II: Attack of the Clones. Obi-Wan mentions that "that time on Cato Nemoidia doesn't count"
In the first novel in the series, we are introduced to four high school students, Lena Kaligaris, Tibby Rollins, Bridget Vreeland, and Carmen Lowell. The summer before their junior year of high school, Carmen finds a pair of old jeans that fits each of them perfectly despite their different sizes. They share the "traveling pants" among themselves over the summer while they are separated.
The book follows Henry Perowne, a middle-aged, successful surgeon. Five chapters chart his day and thoughts on Saturday the 15 February 2003, the day of the demonstration against the 2003 invasion of Iraq, the largest in British history. The book ends at around 5:15 a.m., after he has returned from the hospital and made love to his wife again.
A young boy and a woman are washed up on a beach. The boy encounters a boar as he is walking toward the woman. He tries to drag the woman into a hollowed out A beautiful stag leaps from the forest and stands between him and the boar. The stag looks at the boy with the deepest eyes the boy would ever see.
The first section occurs in 1971 and pertains to the story of Mirek, a former supporter now found to be treasonous. Marketa invites her mother-in-law to visit her and Karel's home after her mother did nothing but complain. This section is mostly narration concerning events after the Russians occupied Czechoslovakia.
The novel is composed of many jokes, which have strong effects on the characters. The story is told from the four viewpoints of Ludvik Jahn, Helena Zemánková, Kostka, and Jaroslav. Ludvik demonstrates the shortcomings of the party and propels the plot in his search for revenge and redemption.
The novel opens with an excerpt from a diary entry from 1882 during the founding of Hyde River. The town was purged of Christianity in the late 19th century. Christians taking residence in the town were either martyred or driven out of town. The book&#39;s plot begins after a nature photographer, Cliff Benson, is confirmed to have been killed in the woods.
In The Cement Garden, the father of four children dies. His death is followed by the death of the children's mother. In order to avoid being taken into foster care, the children hide their mother's death from the outside world by encasing her corpse in cement in their basement. Two of the siblings, a teenage boy and girl, enter into an incestuous relationship. The younger son starts to experiment with transvestism.
From 1944-45, German scientists in Thuringia tested some form of "nuclear weapon", possibly a dirty bomb. Several hundred prisoners of war are alleged to have died as a result. Karlsch's primary evidence are alleged vouchers for the atomic weapon attempts, a preliminary plutonium bomb patent from the year 1941 , and conducted industrial archaeology on the remains of the first experimental German nuclear reactor.
Foote revived characters from his The Orphan's Home cycle of nine plays. Will Kidder - 64 years old in this play - was in his early twenties in Lily Dale. Sixty-year-old Lily Dale Kidder was introduced in Roots in a Parched Ground. Her stepfather, Pete Davenport, first appears at age thirty in Roots.
The main character of "Bitten" is Elena Michaels, an ordinary woman - who also happens to be a werewolf. She lives in Toronto, Canada and writes for a popular newspaper. Elena is also the only known female werewolf in the world. This gives her a very special place in the werewolf world, and especially with the pack.
In Chicken Trek, Oscar Noodleman goes to Secaucus, New Jersey to visit his cousin Dr. Prechtwinkle, an inventor. Before this, he had dropped his valuable camera, and now has to work for him to repay the debt. The prize from this contest would pay Oscar's debt, so they attempt to win it. Chicken Trek has drawings by Ron Barrett, illustrator of Cloudy with a Chance of Meatballs.
Roghan the Fearless and Zelligar the Unknown built a hidden complex known as the Caverns of Quasqueton. From this base, they conducted their affairs away from the prying eyes of civilization. A variety of monsters wander through the finished upper level of the dungeon including orcs, troglodytes, and giant rats.
The novel begins with the character of Tasslehoff Burrfoot at the Inn of the Last Home with his friends. A journey east turns into a voyage with gully dwarves. In the ruins east of the city, "Dr." Phineas Curick, Uncle Trapspringer, and Damaris find themselves being entertained by Vincent.
Openly gay sophomore Paul lives in a gay-friendly small town in New Jersey. The previous year, Paul had dated Kyle, who then dumped him and spread the rumor that Paul had 'tricked' him into being gay. As Paul's relationship with Noah starts to flourish, Kyle also attempts to come back into Paul's life.
The Hypnerotomachia Poliphili was published as an incunabulum in 1499 in Venice. It is a complex allegorical work written in a bizarrely modified Italian. The book is set on the Princeton campus during the Easter weekend, 1999. Two of the students, Tom and Paul, are trying to solve the mystery.
The novel follows Mihály, a Budapest native from a bourgeois family on his honeymoon in Italy, as he encounters and attempts to make sense of his past. There is no doubt an element of Freudianism in this, as well as perhaps the sexual and emotional claustrophobia of a society with strong Catholic and martial traditions.
Adam Malone is a supermarket manager in Los Angeles who is obsessed with blonde movie star Sharon Fields. While watching her on a television in a bar one night he meets four other men who are also enamored of her. Believing the sex stories put out by her manager, they think that if they kidnap her she will understand their lust and have sex with them.
Dwight McCarthy is on a mission from Gail to dig up information about a recent mob hit at a small diner. After being hit on by a female cop, he goes into a bar near where the hit happened and tries to charm one of the local drinkers there named Peggy. As Dwight keeps charming Peggy, she realizes he's not interested in any company that night. It's revealed that Bruno, the target, was killed by Vito; one of Don Magliozzi's nephews and also one of his hitmen.
An old man named Papu Rapava claims to have been present at the death of Joseph Stalin. Rapava spent years in Kolyma after the authorities tried to extract the book's location from him. The book proves to be the memoirs of a young girl chosen by Stalin to be his mother.
Castel's obsession begins in the autumn of 1946 when at Castel sees María Iribarne in a building which he presumes to be her place of employment. He approaches her and learns that she is married to a blind man named Allende. Their relationship comes to be dominated by Castel's obsessive thoughts. Castel kills María for sleeping with Hunter.
The focus is on the struggles between the pioneers to establish a new social order now that they have left Basilica. The new society is opposite to that of the previous societies - male dominated instead of female dominated. The book offers an interesting justification of the social structures of the Hebrew tribes in Genesis.
Raleigh is on board a road trip from California, where she was visiting her father and her boyfriend Stillman, back home to Vancouver. She meets her fellow high school students Stephanie, Dave, and Ian, whom she meets by accident after missing her train. Augmenting her palpable existential confusion is the bizarre emergence of a series of cats, seeming to follow Raleigh through her journey.
Set in the fictional town of Wellington, The Marrow of Tradition features several interweaving plots that encompass the poles of the racially segregated society of the American South. One plot follows Major Carteret, the white owner of the major Wellington newspaper, as he colludes with several other powerful white men to take political control.
Mary Turner is a single white Rhodesian woman. She is cross, queenly, and overtly hostile to the many house servants she has over the years. She treats herself as their master and superior. She shows contempt for the natives, and finds them disgusting and animal-like.
Shinji Kubo lives with his mother, a pearl diver, and his younger brother, Hiroshi. His father died in World War II after the fishing boat he was on was strafed by an American bomber. The beautiful Hatsue wins many admirers, including Shinji. The prospect of marrying Hatsue becomes even more attractive when the wealthy Miyata intends to adopt the man who marries Hatsue as his own son.
Hippothales is accused by Ctesippus, that he still presents annoying praises of his beloved person before the others. He is then asked by Socrates to show his usual behavior in this situation. He admits his love for L The beloved person, which would otherwise hasn't lost his self-criticism, can be conquered by his own pride. The one, who should rule in the measure which makes him a part of the relationship, instead of it hurts himself.
According to a Yoruba tradition, the death of a chief must be followed by the ritual suicide of the chief's horseman. In the play, the result for the community is catastrophic, as the breaking of the ritual means the disruption of the cosmic order of the universe. Elesin kills himself, condemning his soul to a degraded existence in the next world.
Jane Marple, the elderly amateur sleuth, takes a holiday at Bertram's hotel in London. Canon Pennyfather is supposed to fly to Switzerland the same day, also for 24 hours. But he's so forgetful he doesn't arrive at the airport until the following evening. He wakes up four days later in a house several Sedgwick and Elvira are lovers of.
Insurance investigator Ralph Henderson builds a case against Baron "R___" The baron's wife died from drinking a bottle of acid, apparently while sleepwalking in her husband's private laboratory. Henderson's suspicions are raised when he learns that the baron recently had purchased five life insurance policies for his wife.
The Camp of the Saints is a novel about population migration and its consequences. Most of the story centers on the French Riviera, where almost no one remains except for the military and a few civilians. The story alternates between the French reaction to the mass immigration and the attitude of the immigrants.
Bobby had grown up in a home in suburban Cleveland, Ohio during the 1960s and 1970s where partying and drugs were a recurring theme. He has already witnessed the death of his mother and beloved older brother by the time he befriends Jonathan. After Bobby finds his father is dead, Jonathan's family takes him in. Bobby and Jonathan become best friends, and also experiment sexually.
Michael Lambourne made a wager he would obtain an introduction to a certain young lady under the steward Foster's charge at Cumnor Place. Tressilian's servant, Wayland Smith, cured the Earl of Sussex of a dangerous illness. Amy was soothed in her seclusion by costly presents from the earl.
Prof. Brade finds Ralph Neufeld dead, having inhaled hydrogen cyanide. In his experiment, he had somehow used sodium cyanide instead of sodium acetate, both white powders. Later, Brade is questioned by Detective Doheny, who is in charge of Ralph's case. Doheny tricks Cap Anson into revealing that he knows about Brade's life.
The book is about twelve forest creatures whose mates disappear after being crystallized by a dark dust that falls every evening. The forest creatures combine forces with Zac , Ana and their timid, chubby, winged "doth" Pook to save the creatures and restore the dying forest.
Anansi Boys is the story of Charles "Fat Charlie" Nancy, a timid Londoner devoid of ambition. His unenthusiastic wedding preparations are disrupted when he learns of his father's death in Florida. Charlie is sent to an abode of ancient gods similar to his father.
Nathan Quinn, a marine biologist, goes out on a routine day-trip expedition to survey whales in the area. When he photographs one of the whale's flukes, he notices that the words "BITE ME" are spelled out in huge letters on the mammal's tail-fin. His curiosity and investigations uncover one mystery after another as he seeks the answers.
In The Fallon Blood, Irishman Michael Fallon becomes an indentured servant to Charleston, South Carolina merchant Thomas Carver. His infatuation with Carver's sensual daughter Elizabeth causes life Michael ran away at the age of fifteen. In The Fallon Pride, Michael Fallon's son Robert Fallon survives years at sea fighting Barbary pirates and enduring the siege at Tripoli.
The main story begins in medias res with the rescue of Professor William Waterman Sherman, who was floating among a strange wreck of twenty deflated gas balloons in the North Atlantic. Sherman's flight over the Pacific Ocean was uneventful until an unfortunate accident involving a seagull puncturing his balloon forced him to crash land on the volcanic island of Krakatoa. He discovers that the island is populated by twenty families sharing the wealth of a secret diamond mine - by far the richest in the world - which they operate as a cartel.
"Guts" is the third episode of David Palahniuk's book Choke. In it, the narrator tells the reader to hold their breath for the duration of the story. The narrator describes several unnerving incidents involving adolescent boys masturbating. All three of these incidents are said to be based on true stories.
The story concerns four people - Dr. Lionel Barrett, a physicist with an interest in parapsychology, his wife Edith, and two mediums. They are hired by dying millionaire William Reinhardt Deutsch to investigate the possibility of life after death. To do so, they must enter the infamous Belasco House in Maine, regarded as the most haunted house in the world. The house is called "Hell House" due to the horrible acts of blasphemy and perversion that occurred there under the silent influence and supervision of Emeric Bel asco.
Matt Murdock is stabbed in an attempt to stop a robbery. He is rescued by his mother, who has become a nun at a local church. Karen Page arrives in New York with an abusive drug dealer. The Kingpin becomes increasingly obsessed with finding Murdock. He arranges for a violent mental patient to be released from an asylum, dress up as Daredevil and kill both Nelson and Page.
In four cities across the world, four people die violently and mysteriously. Each was connected to an all-powerful environmental think tank. Two of the victims' widows-accomplished artist Diane Stevens and international supermodel Kelly Harris-may hold the key to their husbands' demise. Terrified for their lives, suspicious of each other, and armed only with their own wits and guile, they must join forces in a nightmare cycle.
The story is set in New England in a town called Newport. Dr. Hopkins is a 40-year-old minister. Mary is the daughter of his hostess in town. Mary has other suitors, including Aaron Burr, but she sees that even though he is the grandson of Jonathan Edwards he is mired in evil.
The story opens up in early March as Anil arrives in Sri Lanka after a 15 year absence abroad. Her visit comes as a result of the increasing number of deaths in the 1980s' civil war. While on an expedition with archeologist Sarath, Anil notices that the bones of a certain skeleton do not seem to be 6th century like the rest which leads her to conclude that the skeleton must be a recent death.
The novel is told in two sections. The first tells the story chronologically from Candle and Liir's arrival at Apple Press Farm to the end. An explanation for this narrative structure is provided by references that Candle, in playing the dom Nastoya asks Liir to find a way to enable her return to Elephant form before she dies.
The setting is the fictional Missouri frontier town of Dawson's Landing on the banks of the Mississippi River in the first half of the 19th century. David Wilson, a young lawyer, moves to town and a clever remark of his is misunderstood, which causes locals to brand him a "pudd'nhead" A murder is committed, and the story takes on the form of a crime novel.
A stray dog is found by a cook and scalded with boiling water. To his surprise, successful surgeon Filip Filippovich Preobrazhensky arrives and offers the dog a piece of sausage. The Professor trepans Sharik's skull and gives him a human pituitary gland. Sharik slips easily into the role of "a gentleman's"
Scandal is about Derek Blore, an MP who, as a public figure, pays lip service to traditional values. While at the same time paying for kinky sex with a young prostitute who is too stupid to realize who he really is. His beautiful and absolutely loyal yet promiscuous wife Priscilla whose indiscretion towards her current lover triggers the "Blore Affair"
The novel concerns Noel Holcroft, New York architect-and secretly the son of Heinrich Clausen, chief economic advisor to the Third Reich. The testament says that in the last half of the war, Clausen found out about the Holocaust. Holcroft is contacted by the Grande Banque de Geneve, concerning his father's will and testament.
Caro traces Moses's life from his childhood in Gay Nineties Connecticut to his early years as an idealistic advocate for Progressive reform. Moses's failures there, and later experience working for future governor of New York Al Smith in the New York State Assembly and future New York Mayor Jimmy Walker in the State Senate, taught him how power really worked.
The tiger recounts his story of capture by a circus owner, and his eventual escape. He lived freely in the wild jungles of India in his youth. He mates and has a litter with a tigress, and raises a litter until one day he finds that hunters have captured and killed his entire family.
"Chappy" &ndash; has been in prison for 23 years. Now in his 50s and with a parole hearing approaching, he receives a letter from an unnamed 19-year-old girl who takes a morbid interest in his case. The girl corresponds with him and the man's past is contrasted with explicit details of how she seduces Matthew.
The novel comprises two phases in the same space that are separated by 220 years of time. Its central conceit is that humans evolved from the juvenile stage of the Pak. A key plot point is that transition to the protector stage is mediated The first half of the book follows the path of a Pak named Phssthpok who has travelled from the Pak homeworld.
The book begins with a sad note. Kalam's helicopter, while on its way from Ranchi, Jharkhand state, India to Bokaro crashed, but all aboard miraculously survived. He writes in the book that he saw himself in a desert with miles of sand all around,' and there stood five men, namely, Emperor Ashoka, Mahatma Gandhi, Albert Einstein and Abraham Lincoln.
The book is set a few million years in the future. An ancient and unseen alien race uses a device with the appearance of a large crystalline monolith to investigate worlds all across the galaxy. The book shows one such monolith appearing in ancient Africa, 3 million years B.C.
Tiffany Aching, now 13 years old, is training with the witch Miss Treason. When she takes Tiffany to witness the secret dark morris, the morris dance that welcomes in the winter, Tiffany finds herself drawn into the dance and joins in. She finds herself face to face with the Wintersmith-winter himself-who mistakes her for the Summer Lady.
Tiffany is working as the Chalk's only witch in a climate of growing suspicion and prejudice. When the local Baron dies of poor health, she is accused of murder. Tiffany travels to Ankh-Morpork to inform the Baron's heir, Roland, who happens to be in the city with his fiancée Letitia. On the way Tiffany is attacked by the Cunning Man.
Alylstane King is an officer in the Peshawar Lancers, a cavalry and heavy infantry unit guarding the North-West Frontier province of the Viceroyalty of India. His sister Cassandra is heavily involved on a project to find ways to deflect another meteor, asteroid, or comet from impacting the earth. Russian Okhrana agent Vladimir Obromovich Ignatieff and Sister of the True Dreamers Yasmini are on their way into the Raj.
The Edge of the Cloud is set in London after Will and Christina elope. Will finds a job as a mechanic and later as an instructor at a flying school. Uncle Russel and Mr Dermont both die during the course of the story. At the end, Will becomes famous as a stunt pilot and is thinking of joining the army.
The story of Christina, who has married Dick, following the death of her first husband, her cousin Will, during World War I. No one approves of Christina's marriage to Dick, because of his poor background. When Will's older brother, Mark, returns from the war in France, he is badly injured, and deeply resentful of Dick. Christina finds herself torn between the two and ends by doing what she never believed she would do: falling in love with Mark.
The final novel in the original Flambards trilogy opens in the middle of the First World War. Christina sets herself the tedious and difficult task of restoring the farm. She adopts Mark and Violet's six-year-old son 'Tizzy' Thomas. But Christina fears Mark become like his father, and when she finds she has feelings for Dick, her confusion increases.
The novel is set around A.D. 7,000 when humanity has spread among the worlds of the Solar System. David Starr, Space Ranger introduces the series' setting and the main characters. Starr travels undercover to Mars to discover the deaths' connection to the Martian Farming Syndicates.
After the assassination of Domitian in 96AD, Tacitus used his new-found freedom to publish this, his first historical work. The proud tone of the Agricola recalls the style of the laudationes funebres. There is a geographical and ethnological digression, taken not only from notes and memories of Agricola.
A government-funded research project, Project Light, is built at the astronomical observatory on Mercury's north pole. The head of Project Light is the leading scientist in sub-etheric optics, Scott Mindes. A series of accidents Peverale states his belief that the Sirians are behind the troubles plaguing Project Light. Starr proposes to search the abandoned mines beneath the observatory.
Jupiter IX has been the site of a secret project to develop an antigravity, or Agrav, space drive. The Council of Science learns that information from the project is released to the enemy Sirians. David "Lucky" Starr and John Bigman Jones are sent to Jupiter IX to investigate.
David "Lucky" Starr and John "Bigman" Jones are sent to Venus to investigate a series of bizarre incidents among the human colonists. They find Lou Evans, who was sent to investigate, but was found with stolen data concerning a secret strain of yeast and is under arrest. While questioning him, word reaches them that a man is threatening to open an outside airlock, which will allow the ocean to flood Aphrodite. Starr and Bigman pursue Evans in another submarine, finding him and learning that the V-frogs are the source of the telepathic incidents.
David "Lucky" Starr learns that Jack Dorrance, the chief of a Sirian spy ring uncovered by Starr in the Jovian system, has escaped from Earth. Dorrance tries to lose them in Saturn's rings, but his ship is destroyed by a ring fragment. A Sirian ship then contacts Starr and informs him that the Sirians have built a colony on Titan and claimed it for Sirius.
A year has passed since the events in David Starr, Space Ranger. In that time the spaceship TSS Waltham Zachary has been taken and gutted by pirates based in the asteroid belt. David "Lucky" Starr has devised a plan whereby the unmanned survey ship Atlas, as soon as the pirates capture it and bring it to their hidden base, will explode.
In the first scene, Helen and her teenage daughter; Jo, are moving into a shabby flat. Jo assumes that Helen has moved here to escape from him Jo's meetings with her boyfriend alternating with her confrontations with Helen. After a pause and some moments of darkness on stage, we see Helen and Jo on Helen's first sexual experience with Jo's father.
When Paul West starts his new job in September he is altogether unaware of the true character and the machinations of his boss, Jean-Marie Martin. West is allotted a motley crew who are supposed to work together on his project. Soon West realizes that no one is following his orders, that nothing is happening.
Dumas imagines his main character killing the British admiral Horatio Nelson after his victory during the Battle of Trafalgar against the French and Spanish navies. Historically, Nelson was killed by an unknown sniper. The protagonist is a French aristocrat who is torn between the old and new ways.
Jenny and Lisa Paige, two sisters, return to Jenny's hometown of Snowfield, California, a small ski resort village. The few bodies they find are either mutilated, or reveal some strange form of death. The police managed to find only one clue as to what was causing the town's disappearances and deaths. A victim of whatever was trying to kill him managed to write the name Timothy Flyte, on a mirror moments before he was killed.
The book seems to begin as memoir or an autobiography, but rapidly devolves into numerous fragmented accounts of Thompson's exploits. There is a rough adherence to actual chronology though many events in the book are not in order. Some continuity does exist throughout the work, for example, the "Witness" segments, dealing with Gail Palmer's trial.
The planet of Adumar is an anomaly, settled by anonymous colonists during the early years of the Old Republic and isolated ever since. The Empire's best pilot, General Turr Phennir, and three of his best are here too. The Cart Red Squadron spends its time learning to fly the native Blade-32 fighters.
The Great Redwall Feast tells about the creatures of Redwall preparing for a feast. Matthias the Warriormouse, Constance the Badger Guardian, Foremole, and the Abbot are traveling in Mossflower Woods questing for a mysterious Bobbatan Weary Nod. Many characters from Redwall and Mattimeo are present in the book.
The book focuses on a fictional MiG-31 aircraft developed by the USSR during the Cold War. The highly advanced fighter aircraft includes a form of stealth technology that makes it completely undetectable to radar. Faced with an aircraft which will give the Soviet Union the ability to completely dominate the skies, the CIA and MI6 launch a mission to steal one of the two Firefox prototype aircraft.
The opening framing dialogue is between Socrates and Critoboulus, the son of Crito. There Socrates discusses the meaning of wealth and identifies it with usefulness and well-being, not merely possessions. He links moderation and hard work to success in household management. The dramatic date of this part of the work can be no earlier than 401 BC.
The book opens on Thanksgiving evening, about 10 years after the events of A Wind in the Door. Meg is now married to Calvin and is expecting their first child. The Murry family is joined for Thanksgiving dinner by an unusual guest-Meg's very antisocial mother-in-law. When they receive the news of impending nuclear war caused by the dictator "Mad Dog Branzillo", Mrs. O'Keefe lays a charge on Charles Wallace &mdash to prevent the disaster. She teaches him "Patrick's Rune", a rhyming prayer of protection that has been passed down to her from her Irish grandmother. Charles Wallace goes for a walk to the star-watching rock, a family haunt, and begins to recite Patrick's Rune. His recitation summons a flying unicorn from the heavens who introduces himself as Gaudior. The winged unicorn explains to Charles Wallace that he must prevent nuclear war by traveling through time and telepathically merging with people who lived in the locale of
"The Priest's Tale" tells the stories of Father Paul Duré and Father Lenar Hoyt, two of only several thousand remaining priests of the Roman Catholic Church. In the 28th century, humanity has spread across the galaxy, first aboard "Hawking drive" ships and then through "farcasters"
Janine finds herself on a sheep farm, where she meets her foster mother and Sir Deming, who delivers the news of her ascendancy to the throne. Giannine awakens in the arms of Nigel Rasmussem, who turns out to be just sixteen. There is implied romantic attraction between the two.
Two students become the central focus of the story. Henry Winter is an intellectual with a passion for the Pali canon and Plato. Bunny Corcoran is a slightly bigoted jokester more comfortable reading Sax Rohmer's Fu Manchu The film is about a college student who lies about his past.
The novel begins in Jacob's childhood and follows him through college at Cambridge, and then into adulthood. The story is told mainly through the perspectives of the women in his life. His time in London forms a large part of the story, though towards the end of the novel he travels to Italy, then Greece.
Pope Alexander VI believes God will ultimately forgive his many sins simply because, as Pope, he is infallible and divine. The Family focuses on this cunning, ambitious despot and his children-the ruthless Cesare and the beautiful but wicked Lucrezia. Cesare, who exchanges his cardinal's miter for a warrior's helmet to become commander-in-chief of his father's armies, carries out conquest after conquest.
T.J. cheats on a history test, but gives Stacey the sheets when Mrs. Logan comes along. Stacey gets in trouble, but doesn't rat him out, yet chases him to beat him up for it. Papa warns Stacey to be careful about being friends with Jeremy. Mr. Jamison visits and Big Ma signs papers giving the land to Papa.
Fritti Tailchaser, a young ginger tom cat, sets out to stray from his home and clan, the Meeting Wall Clan, in search of his catfriend Hushpad. The kitten, Pouncequick follows him, and eventually catches up. Together, they set out on a long journey to visit the feline royal Court of Harar, with the intention of finding out the mystery of the disappearances.
The kelp is being held down by bombing that keeps it from achieving consciousness. The kelp has produced a human-like being, called Crista Galli. She doesn't have any memory of being part of the kelp. She has been kept a prisoner by Raja Flattery for several years.
The story is set in 13th century England and concerns the fictitious outlaw Norman of Torn. Norman purportedly harried the country during the power struggle between King Henry III and Simon de Montfort. Norman is the supposed son of the Frenchman de Vac, once the king's fencing master, who has a grudge against his former employer.
Romantic novelist Edith Hope is staying in a hotel on the shores of Lake Geneva. Her friends have advised her to retreat following an unfortunate incident. There she meets other English visitors, including Mrs Pusey and her daughter Jennifer. She falls for the ambiguous smile of Mr Neville, who asks for her hand.
Cato is introduced as a heroic man of principle. After siding with Pompey - the lesser of two evils - he remarries his ex-wife. Caesar continues south through Italy and is delayed by Domitius' brave resistance. The book concludes with Curio launching an African campaign on Caesar's behalf.
This book takes place in a fictitious European nation known as Padukgrad. A government arises following the rise of a philosophy known as "Ekwilism" The government is led by a man named Paduk and his "Party of the Average Man" The story begins with the protagonist, Adam Krug, having just lost his wife to an unsuccessful surgery.
Commissar Bärlach of the Bernese police, who is dying of cancer, must solve the murder of his best officer, Lieutenant Ulrich Schmied. BäRLach is assisted in his investigation by officer Walter Tschanz. As Schmies had been investigating the crimes of Richard Gastmann, a career master criminal who is an old friend and enemy of Bärtlach's.
Opus the Penguin is downhearted because as a penguin, he cannot fly. He makes a Christmas wish to Santa Claus for "wings that will go!". On Christmas Eve, Santa is making his usual delivery when he loses his reindeer and crashes into the lake. Opus jumps in and uses his natural swimming skills to pull Santa out.
Getafix the druid breaks his golden sickle. Asterix and Obelix set out for Lutetia to buy a new one. Metallurgix has mysteriously gone missing. They uncover a sickle-trafficking gang with sponsors high up the Roman bureaucracy. They find him with Surplus, revealed to be the leader.
Enoch Wallace, an American Civil War veteran, is chosen by an alien called Ulysses to administer a way station for interplanetary travel. Wallace is the only human being who knows of the existence of these aliens, until almost a hundred years later. The novel has a number of seemingly disconnected subplots that are not resolved until the conclusion of the book.
The story proper begins in the present-day Aleutian islands, where a team of CDC researchers are unexpectedly infected by a deadly mystery illness. Pitt Jr, with friend and coworker Jack Dahlgren, return to the site to investigate but their helicopter is downed by gunfire from a mysterious trawler. They survive, eventually determining that the illness resulted from a toxic compound of cyanide and smallpox. In Inchon, South Korea, a multi-millionaire industrialist is secretly a North Korean sleeper agent.
The novel is divided in three sections that chronicle the phases of the main characters' lives. This section is set at the fictional Hailsham boarding school in East Sussex, England. The students are not taught any life skills, though the teachers encourage the students to produce various forms of art and poetry. The best works are chosen by a woman known only as "Madame," who takes them away.
Asterix and Obelix accompany Getafix to the annual druids' conference in the Forest of the Carnutes. Meanwhile, on the Roman Empire's border, two legionaries are ambushed and tied up by a band of Goths. The Gauls visit Metric in his prison, and give him magic potion. Full of magic potion, he resists all attempts to torture, and beats up Metric.
The book tells the story of four young siblings-Edwin, Angeline, Sebastian and Maud-who live together in a London mansion in Victorian society. These four children have been longing all their lives for their maiden visit to Tantamount, a castle on the Cornish coast, built by their great- great-great-grandfather.
Jerry and Joanna Burton, a brother and sister from London society, take a country house in idyllic Lymstock. The Burtons' maid, Partridge, receives a call from Agnes, the Symmington's maidservant, who seems distraught over something. Jerry Burton gives Miss Marple some vital clues by telling her of the contents of his dreams and his disconnected thoughts.
Troy Phelan, an eccentric elderly billionaire, commits suicide minutes after leaving his vast fortune to an illegitimate daughter, Rachel Lane. His lawyers are tasked with protecting Troy's wishes as well as finding the heiress. Nate O'Riley, a high-powered litigation lawyer and now recovering alcoholic, is sent to Brazil, where Rachel is believed to be living as a missionary.
Grisham's novel is about Luke Chandler and his family's life in the rural South. The book's title refers to the Chandler house, which never has been painted. A flood devastates the family's cotton crop before the harvest is completed. Luke's parents decide to travel to the city to find work in a Buick Plant.
The story's initial development revolves around a coveted martial arts manual known as the Bixie Swordplay Manual. The manual has been passed down as an heirloom in the Lin family, who runs the Fuwei Escort Agency. The novel's protagonist is Yue Buqun's eldest disciple Linghu Chong.
The novel is set on the fictitious island of Nollop, off the coast of South Carolina. The supposed creator of the well-known pangram "The quick brown fox jumps over the lazy dog" is taken very seriously by the government of the island. Throughout the book, tiles containing the letters fall from the inscription beneath the statue, and as each one does, the island's government bans the contained letter's use.
The book tells the story of a woman who returns to her hometown in Canada to find her missing father. Accompanied by her lover and another married couple, the unnamed protagonist meets her past in her childhood house. Little by little, the past overtakes her and drives her into the realm of wildness and madness.
John Marr is a black gay graduate student in the early 1980s. He is researching a dissertation on Timothy Hasler, a Korean-American philosopher and academic stabbed to death outside a gay bar in 1973. Marr finds his lifestyle converging with that of Hasler. He becomes increasingly involved in intense sexual encounters with homeless men.
Twins are separated at birth by a millionaire couple's nurse. The nurse secretly switches Peter for the dead Fletcher Davenport. During the years that follow, the two brothers grow up unaware of each other. Nat leaves the college at the University of Connecticut to serve in the Vietnam War. Fletcher agrees to defend Nat on the charge of murdering his Republican primary opponent.
The main characters of the book are Jane, a woman from London, and her romantic partner Roche, a white South African man. Roche is engaged with helping the poor on the island, which puts him in contact with a dishonest revolutionary opportunist named Jimmy. Amid the tumult of a societal crisis, the climax of this book is violent and tragic.
Titus and his friends meet Violet Durn, who is unlike any of them. While at a club, a man from an anti-feed organization hacks their feeds. When they wake up in a hospital, their feeds are unavailable. Violet plans to show interest in a wide and random assortment of products to prevent the corporations that control her feed from developing a reliable consumer profile.
Obscure scholar Roland Michell discovers handwritten drafts of a letter by the prestigious Victorian poet Randolph Henry Ash. He feels compelled to take away the documents secretly - an unprofessional act - and begins to investigate. The trail leads him to Christabel LaMotte, a minor poet and contemporary of Ash, and to Dr. Maud Bailey. They become obsessed with uncovering the truth and unearth more letters.
The Count of Eor is seeking brave adventurers to end the evil brigands' activities and discover the power behind the attacks. The scenario is a three part adventure which involves a wilderness trek, a battle against brigands, and a venture into the tomb of a lizard king.
The story contrasts the life of two doctors, former classmates and now both assistant professors at Naniwa University Hospital in Osaka. The brilliant and ambitious surgeon Goro Zaizen stops at nothing to rise to a position of eminence and authority, while the friendly Shuji Satomi busies himself with his patients and research.
Father Ramon Ruiz-Sanchez of Peru is a member of a team of scientists sent to the planet Lithia to determine if it can be opened to human contact. The planet is inhabited by a race of intelligent bipedal Lithians. The Lithians seem to have an ideal society, a utopia without crime, conflict, ignorance or want.
The novel deals with a government installation at Blind Lake, Minnesota, where scientists observe sentient life on a planet 51 light-years away. A sudden and unexplained facility lockdown extends into a long-term quarantine. Observation department head Marguerite Hauser tries to carry on with her work studying the alien life.
Bourdieu discusses how those in power define aesthetic concepts such as taste. Referring to surveys of French citizens from different economic and educational backgrounds, he shows how social class tends to determine a person's likes and interests. He observes that even when the subordinate classes may seem to have their own particular idea of good taste, "the working-class 'aesthetic' is constantly obliged to define itself"
The novel opens with Theseus as a six-year-old child in the household of his grandfather. Theseus becomes consumed by the bull dance, feeling that being a bull-leaper is all one could ever ask for in life. The team survives for three months without a single member dying, which is unheard of.
A Yellow Raft in Blue Water follows a young woman named Rayona, her mother Christine, and Christine's mother Aunt Ida. The novel begins with Rayona playing cards with Christine in the hospital, when Rayona's African American father Elgin visits, angering Christine. Over time, Rayona begins to learn about herself and where she came from.
Katherine tells the true story of Katherine de Roet, born the daughter of a minor Flemish herald. Katherine has no obvious prospects, except that her sister is a waiting-woman to Queen Philippa, wife of King Edward III. By virtue of this connection, Katherine meets and marries Sir Hugh Swynford of Lincolnshire.
The story centers on a cymbal-banging monkey toy that is possessed by an evil spirit. Every time the monkey claps its little cymbals together, a nearby living thing dies. The story ends with an excerpt of a newspaper article which reports on a mysterious die-off of fish in the lake.
The story concerns a small town Michigan cafe owner, Tom McKenna, who becomes a local hero after defending his store from an attempted robbery. When his story receives national attention, several members of the New York City Mafia arrive in town, believing him to be someone named Joey. Tom protests his innocence to everyone, but eventually his façade is dropped and he is forced to confess his history of violence.
Poirot boards Le Train Bleu, bound for the French Riviera. He meets Ruth Kettering, an American heiress bailing out from a marriage to meet her lover. The next morning, Ruth is found dead in her compartment, a victim of strangulation. The famous ruby, "Heart of Fire", is discovered to be missing.
Act 1 is set in a chocolate house where Mirabell and Fainall have just finished playing cards. Act 2 isSet in St. James' Park. Mrs. Fain all and Mrs. Marwood are discussing their hatred of men. Mirabel is encouraged to marry Millamant. Act 3 is all set in the home of Lady Wishfort.
Li witnessed Mao's private life on a day-to-day basis, mostly dealing with Mao at the height of his powers. Li alleged that Mao appeared anxious of the public but was indifferent to the problems of the Chinese people. It also describes Mao's signs of illness, paranoia, as well as neglecting dental hygiene. The book has two major focuses: Mao's personal sexual history, and selection of numerous sexual partners.
Richard Muller, a retired diplomat, finds himself forced to hide from the human race on the uninhabited planet Lemnos. He lives there in the center of an ancient city-maze, built by a vanished race. The outer zones of the maze are filled with lethal traps to discourage entrance into the central zone.
Dr. Jason Howard is a resident surgeon at Massachusetts General. When a patient of his is admitted complaining of heart problems and later dies, Jason finds that the patient looks decidedly older than he ought to at 56. Jason begins investigating the connection between the man's sudden demise, his nervous demeanor, and the patients in his hospital who have all been admitted with what seems to be a mutant strain of progeria that killed them in mere days.
Anders Roos, 14 years old, arrives one week late at Södra Latins' summercamp. The leaders of the camp have put him in another barrack than his peers, because they know there are "troubles" at school. Through the ten weeks at summercamp, Anders discovers that he can trust Micke. At this moment, Anders commits suicide by hanging himself.
Stevie Taggert tells of the mystery of Señora Linares's missing child. Set in 1897, the mystery is complicated by rising tensions between Cuba and the United States. Could the act of a woman murdering her own kids be looked at as her trying to gain control over her life and her world?
Young boys and girls are selected and acquired at a very early age on account of their singing abilities. True love, both heterosexual and homosexual, are major themes as are loyalty and honor. Ansset first experiences unwanted sexual attention in the form of a palace guard who searches him in preparation for his first meeting with Mikal.
The story concerns a young man named Boone, who is suffering from an unspecified mental illness. He is informed by a psychiatrist that he is responsible for the brutal mutilation murders of eleven people. Boone does not recall these actions, apparently because Boone finds Midian, but discovers that the town is deserted. Boone returns to the abandoned town where he is confronted by Decker.
Helena, the British priestess known to the Romans as Helena, falls in love with the charismatic Roman Constantius. The Roman noble takes her away from Avalon as she is banished for this forbidden love. Helen bears him a son, who will become Constantine the Great. Helen's position in Roman society now gives her the freedom to travel about in the empire.
Lady of Avalon is the sequel to The Forest House and the prequel to The Mists of Avalon. It is divided into 3 parts. The first part shows us Caillean and Gawen. The second part tells us about Avalon High Priestess Ana and her third daughter, Viviane.
Clarissa Harlowe is the tragic heroine of the novel. Her family has become wealthy only recently and now desires to become part of the aristocracy. The Harlowes try to force Clarissa to marry Solmes, whom she finds physically disgusting as well as boorish. Desperate to remain free, she begins a correspondence with Lovelace.
This is the story of Asher Lev, a boy born with a prodigious artistic ability into a Hasidic Jewish family. During Asher's childhood, his artistic inclination brings him into conflict with the members of his Jewish community. The Rebbe intercedes and allows Asher to study under one of the greatest living artists, Jacob Kahn, a non-observant Jew.
The novel tells the story of Eilan, granddaughter of the Arch-Druid of Britain. She hears the calling of the Goddess and is chosen to become a priestess at Vernemeton. In a dramatic showdown she sacrifices herself to avoid a bloody insurgency and, in particular, to save the life of her son Gawen.
Larry Dever is gravely injured resulting in a hemicorporectomy, in which tissue below the waist is removed. He is placed into suspended animation until the damaged tissue can be restored. Larry awakens again in a nightmare future. Far from the highly advanced past, now an enormous human population covers every inch of the planet.
The novel is a romanticised retelling of the overthrow of King Zhou, the last ruler of the Shang Dynasty. King Wu of Zhou, assisted by his strategist Jiang Ziya, rallies an army to overthrow the tyrant and restore peace and order. Throughout the story, battles are waged between the kingdoms of Shang and Zhou, with both sides calling upon various supernatural beings.
Clotel is the story of a young slave and her mixed-race, light-skinned daughters fathered by Thomas Jefferson. The book includes "several sub-plots" related to other slaves, religion and anti-slavery. The narrative of Clotel plays with history by relating "perilous antebellum adventures"
Marshall McLuhan argues that technologies - from clothing to the wheel to the book, and beyond - are the messages themselves, not the content of the medium. The Medium is the Massage is a graphical and creative representation of his "medium is the message" thesis seen in Understanding Media.
Make Room! Make Room! is set in an overpopulated New York City of 1999. Police detective Andy Rusch lives in half a room, sharing it with Sol, a retired engineer who has adapted a bicycle generator to power an old television set and a refrigerator. The story ends with Andy on patrol in Times Square on New Year's Eve.
Tressell's cast of hypocritical Christians, exploitative capitalists and corrupt councillors provide a backdrop for his main target - the workers. Tressell paints the workers as "philanthropists" who throw themselves into back-breaking work for poverty wages. The hero of the book, Frank Owen, is a socialist who believes that the capitalist system is the real source of the poverty he sees all around him.
In the novel, "young" humans are transported through the Big Collapse to seed the next cycle of the universe. They are transported to Hegira, an artificial environment of the scale of the planet Jupiter which has habitats for several species on its surface. The habitats are protected and uncoupled from the universe's entropy by means of force fields projected by giant obelisks. In the human realm these are inscribed with the recorded history of humankind, sorted chronologically from the bottom up.
The main character, a Canadian native dressed in the uniform of a Sergeant in the Canadian Mounties, travels the wilderness during late 19th or early 20th century Canada. He rescues a kidnapped child and frees an imprisoned couple, but also shoots a bird for being too happy and stabs a priest in the hand.
The novel is written in the first person in the form of Cameron McCabe's confession. McCabe works in the film industry and has made himself a name as a supervising film editor. Estella Lamare's body is found on the floor of John Robertson's workplace. The place is equipped with an automatic camera which starts recording the moment the door to the room is opened.
Wilbur Whateley is the son of a deformed and unstable albino mother, and an unknown father. His sorcerer grandfather indoctrinates him into certain dark rituals and the study of witchcraft. Wilbur wants to acquire an unabridged Latin version of the Necronomicon so that he may open the way for the return of the mysterious "Old Ones" The story culminates with the actual Dunwich horror.
A mountaineer named Nunez falls down the side of Parascotopetl, a fictitious mountain in Ecuador. He finds a valley cut off from the rest of the world on all sides by steep precipices. Unbeknown to him, he has discovered the fabled Country of the Blind. The valley had been a haven for settlers fleeing the tyranny of Spanish rulers until an earthquake reshaped the surrounding mountains and cut it off.
Luis Gálvez Rodríguez de Arias was a Spanish journalist in Belém do Pará. In 1899, the borders between Bolivia and Brazil were not clearly defined. At the time, the people living in the Amazon Basin were rich due to the natural resource of latex. The best rubber is produced in Acre, a region that is theoretically part of the Republic of Bolivia.
Conservative media mogul Roland Voss is found murdered in his country house in Scotland. Next to Voss's body is that of his murdered wife, while their two slain bodyguards lie outside their room. The culprits seem obvious: the burglars caught fleeing the scene covered in blood and almost immediately four men are arrested for the crime.
The novel is set just before the start of the battle of Troy. The Greek army under King Agamemnon is stuck on the island of Aulis enroute to Troy. Odysseus connives and schemes behind the scenes with the help of Chasimenos. The king is slowly convinced that he must sacrifice his daughter Iphigenia.
The novel is based on an extant document, the "confession" of Nat Turner to the white lawyer Thomas Gray. Styron takes liberties with the historical Nat Turner, whose life is otherwise undocumented. The "Confessions" is largely sympathetic to Turner, if not to his thoughts.
"Gertrud" is the memoir of a famous composer named Kuhn. It tells of his childhood and young adult years before it comes to the heart of the story; his relationships to two troubled artists. The two are hopelessly ill-matched, and their destructive relationship provides the basis for Kuhn's magnum opus.
The first fifth of Another Country tells of the downfall of jazz drummer Rufus Scott. He begins a relationship with Leona, a white woman from the South and introduces her to his friends, including the struggling novelist Vivaldo, his more successful mentor Richard and Richard's wife Cass. He commits suicide by jumping off the George Washington Bridge.
The novel, which Bellow initially intended to be a short story, is a roman à clef about Bellow's friendship with the poet Delmore Schwartz. It explores the changing relationship of art and power in a materialist America. Fleisher yearns to lift American society up through art but dies a failure. Citrine makes quite a lot of money through his writing.
This novel begins two years after the events of Barbara Kingsolver's first novel, The Bean Trees. Taylor and Turtle are visiting the Hoover Dam when Turtle sees a man fall down a spillway. Because of Taylor's unwavering faith that Turtle is telling the truth, a search is conducted and a man's life is saved. As a result, Turtle and Taylor make the headlines and are invited as guests on The Oprah Winfrey Show.
Mace Windu's former Padawan and fellow Jedi Master Depa Billaba has been sent to Haruun Kal to start a revolution against the Separatist-allied government. Windu knows he is the only one who can stop her, and so he is sent by the Jedi Council alone to his homeworld.
The novel depicts a mythical island, Bensalem, which is discovered by the crew of a European ship. Bacon portrayed a vision of the future of human discovery and knowledge. The plan and organisation of his ideal college, "Salomon's House", envisioned the modern research university in both applied and pure science.
The book tells the story of Chunky Rice, a small turtle who leaves his familiar surroundings, including his mouse deer best friend, to enter the next phase of his life. Other side characters in the novel also experience similar losses of friendship through tragedy or their own choice.
Princess Guenevere has had a charmed and contented life until the sudden, violent death of her mother. Only the miraculous arrival of Arthur, heir to the Pendragon dynasty, allows her to claim her mother's throne. Smitten by the bold, sensuous princess, Arthur offers to marry her and unite their territories, while still allowing her to rule in her own right.
Vincent Parry, convicted of murdering his wife, escapes from prison and is taken in by Irene Jansen. Parry gets a new face from a plastic surgeon, thereby enabling him to dodge the authorities and find his wife's real killer. Madge Rapf, the spiteful woman whose testimony sent him up to prison, keeps stopping by.
Amélie is a young Belgian woman who spent the first five years of her life in Japan. She signs a one-year contract as a translator at the prestigious company Yumimoto. After her contract finishes in January 1991, she returns to Belgium and starts publishing. Her first novel Hygiène de l'assassin appearing in
The Iron Man arrived from seemingly nowhere and his appearance is described in detail. To survive, he feeds off local farm equipment. When the farm hands discover their destroyed tractors and diggers, a trap is set consisting of a covered pit on which a tractor is set as bait. The plan succeeds, and the Iron Man is buried alive.
Most of the story is centred around McMurdo Station, the largest settlement in Antarctica. Robinson's characteristic multiple-protagonist style is employed here to show many aspects of polar life. The novel was heavily influenced by Robinson's 1995 stay in Antarctica as part of the National Science Foundation's Antarctic Artists and Writers Program.
Kafka on the Shore has been called a modern Greek tragedy. Comprising two distinct but interrelated plots, the narrative runs back and forth between the two, taking up each plotline in alternating chapters. The odd chapters tell the 15-year-old Kafka's story as he runs away from his father's house to escape an Oedipal curse. The even chapters tell Nakata's story.
A Perfect Spy is the life story of Magnus Pym, a British intelligence officer and double agent. After attending his father's funeral, Pym mysteriously disappears. It becomes clear that, throughout most of his career, Magnus worked as a spy for the Czechoslovak secret service.
Rohan, Prince of the Desert, is newly come to the throne. He must outwit the High Prince Roelstra in order to protect his vast lands. Sioned, a Sunrunner witch and his chosen bride, must help him in this dangerous quest and during the harsh times of war to come.
Tandia's parents were a South African Indian man and his house worker. She is raped by a police officer at her father's grave the day after his funeral. Tandia finds a home in the brothel where Jannie Geldenhuis drops her. She grows up to be a smart, intelligent and very beautiful lawyer.
The story begins by introducing Kane and Abel's past and the feud between them. It then tells the story of their children, Florentyna Rosnovski and Richard Kane. Their childhood, and all the incidents and people who affected them, are portrayed in a similar manner as their fathers' lives.
The Drenai Empire is under threat. The tribal Nadir people have been united for the first time by the great warleader Ulric, who has forged a massive empire in the North. War is brewing and an over 500,000 strong Nadir army marches on the fortress of Dros Delnoch. If the fortress can hold the Nadir horde for three months, the DRenai general Magnus Woundweaver might be able to gather and train a army.
The novel is based on the events that occurred to Agee in 1915 when his father went out of town to see his own father, who had had a heart attack. During the return trip, Agee's father was killed in a car accident. The novel provides a portrait of life in Knoxville, Tennessee.
The story revolves around five wealthy and ambitious American girls, their guardians and the titled, landed but impoverished Englishmen who marry them. As the novel progresses, the plot follows Nan and her marriage to the Duke of Tintagel. It is a story of the morals held by fashionable society at the time, when it was more important to marry for social position than for romantic love.
The Algerine Captive tells the story of the upbringing, early career, and later enslavement of fictional Boston native, narrator Updike Underhill. The first volume chronicles Underhill's youth and early adulthood in America. By setting Algiers in opposition to America, this part of the novel leads Underhill to comment on and formulate his conception of what it means to be American.
The book tells the stories of two men born worlds apart. William Lowell Kane is a wealthy and powerful Boston Brahmin. Abel Rosnovski is a Pole was born in a situation of great poverty. When William was still a child, Richard dies in the Titanic disaster, leaving William fatherless.
The story focuses on Dr. Stephen Swain, a radiologist, who manages to fight off two gang members despite having no combat experience. While at home, Swain and his daughter Holly are teleported into the New York City Library. If a contestant says "initialize" a tiny Clasped to Swain's wrist is a metal band that indicates how many contestants are in the Library.
Extremely Loud and Incredibly Close is about a 9-year-old boy named Oskar Schell. His father dies in the terrorist attacks on the World Trade Center on September 11, 2001, before the narrative begins. While looking through his father's closet, he finds a key in a small envelope inside a vase. On the outside of the envelope the word "Black" is written in the top left corner. The novel also tells a separate narrative that eventually converges with the main story.
The novel tells the story of Divine, a drag queen who has died of tuberculosis. The narrator tells us that the stories he is telling are mainly to amuse himself whilst he passes his sentence in prison. The highly erotic, often explicitly sexual, stories are spun to assist his masturbation.
"The Monkey House" chronicles the discovery of Reston virus virus among imported monkeys in Reston, Virginia. "Kitum Cave" tells of the author's visiting the cave that is the suspected home of the natural host animal that Shem Musoke is one of the few to become symptomatic from a filovirus and survive.
Action takes place in 2023-2025 on Galveston, Texas; Atlanta, Georgia; Grenada, an island in the north east coast of South America; Singapore and Africa. In the fictional world of Islands there exists a book titled The Lawrence Doctrine and Postindustrial Insurgency by Colonel Jonathan Gresham.
The focus of the novel is the effects of global warming in the early decades of the 21st century. Its characters are mostly scientists, either involved in biotech research, assisting government members, or doing paperwork at the National Science Foundation. There are also several Buddhist monks working for the embassy of the fictional island nation of Khembalung.
Ranjha is the youngest of four brothers and lives in the village 'Takht Hazara' by the river Chenab. Heer is an extremely beautiful woman, born into a wealthy Jat family of the Sayyal clan in Jhang, Punjab. They meet each other secretly for many years until they are caught by Heer's jealous uncle, Kaido, and her parents.
Asterix, Obelix, Dogmatix, Vitalstatistix and Winesandspirix organise a Gaulish triumph on Vercingetorix's shield. The Gauls repeatedly poke the Chief's chest, causing him intense pain. Asterix asks if Wine and Charcoal shops next to each other causes competition. The Romans send a spy, Legionary Pusillanimus.
Ann Burden's diary begins on Monday, May 20. After living alone for a year and believing herself the last survivor of a nuclear war, Ann fears that a stranger approaching her valley might be a killer or enslave her. Loomis spent three months in an underground lab near Ithaca, New York. Then he headed west, finding Burden Valley after walking through dead lands for ten weeks.
Abel, a young man of wealth, fails at a revolution and flees Caracas into the uncharted forests of Guyana. Abel finds an enchanting forest where he hears a strange bird-like singing. His Indian friends avoid the forest because of its evil spirit-protector. Persisting in the search, Abel finally finds Rima the Bird Girl.
Dick Hannay, under forty and already a successful Brigadier-General, is called out of uniform by his old comrade, spymaster Sir Walter Bullivant. He must pose as a South African, an objector to the Hannay travels to Biggleswick, a small town full of artists and writers. He saves the day, but makes an enemy of a big Fusilier named Geordie Hamilton.
Adi Cherryson, also known as Sneer, is a lifter who "helps" people cheat during the computer controlled IQ exams. The story starts when Sneer is questioned by an undercover police agent on the street and unintentionally reveals his intelligence by his answers. The end is largely mystical but it suggests that with the help of Alice Sneer succeeds in saving the humanity.
Paradyzja is the story about the human colony on a space station orbiting a distant and mineral rich star system. The colony is controlled by a totalitarian regime. All human activity is tracked by electronic devices. On Paradise, living rooms are made of transparent material and to get to some of them you have to pass through other living rooms.
Captain Horatio Hornblower has married Lady Barbara Leighton and is preparing to settle down to unaccustomed life as the squire of Smallbridge in Kent. He still yearns to serve at sea and accepts with alacrity when the Admiralty puts him in command of a squadron. His primary aim is to bring Russia into the war against Napoleon. The novel occasioned some controversy when it was published.
Hornblower is given the peerage by the Duke of Angoulême, one of the heirs to the Bourbon dynasty. He finds his new role demanding, in part because he is such a demanding perfectionist. He resumes his relationship with the Comte de Gracay and leads a guerrilla fight against the Imperial forces.
Following The Letter of Marque, the narrative picks up with Jack Aubrey getting the Surprise underway for a mission to South America. A recurring sub-plot is the hostility between the Regent and his brother, the Duke Stephen. The title refers to the honour, a thirteen-gun salute, that is due to Fox as an official envoy and representative of the King.
The book begins with Asterix and Obelix hunting wild boar. Julius Caesar thinks the Gauls are training wild boars to find Roman patrols. Dubbelosix and Surreptitius communicate via a carrier fly. Surreaptitius is plotting to overthrow Caesar and sends a self-destructing letter. Ekonomikrisis forgot to bring any rock oil.
The book is written in four parts, and in each Daniel is the principal narrator. The narrative moves fluidly and rapidly between 1967 and flashback , and between first and third person. The final dénouement is the revisiting, in flashback, of the death of his parents, and the death from nervous disorder of his sister.
Rukmani leaves everything she has ever known and learns how to run a household by herself at the age of twelve. Rukmani eventually gives birth to six more children. RukMani seems to be the only one who recognizes this as a danger, and stands alone in her protest against modernization.
Last Exit to Brooklyn is divided into six parts that can, more or less, be read separately. Each part is prefaced with a passage from the Bible. A gang of young Brooklyn hoodlums hang around an all-night cafe and get into a fight with a group of US Army soldiers on leave.
In I, Jedi, Corran Horn must develop his Jedi powers in order to save the life of his wife, Mirax Terrik. Corran learns that his grandfather was a Jedi, a member of the Halcyon line. After extensive training and being caught in a crisis involving the risen spirit of the Dark Sith Lord Exar Kun, he infiltrates the pirates using his CorSec training.
Tsar Alexander I of Russia, while visiting England with his servant the Cossack Platov, is shown a variety of modern inventions. Platov keeps insisting that things in Russia are much better , until they are shown a small mechanical flea. After his ascension the next tsar, Nicolas I, orders Platov to find someone to outperform the English.
Set between June 1932 and December 1933, it tells the story of young Isao Iinuma, a rightist reactionary trained in the samurai code by his father. Isao becomes the instigator of a plot to topple the za. The tide turns when ammunition is found for the garrisoned troops.
Helen Dexter is the chief of the CIA. She orders the murder of political figures of other nations on the basis of their views on the USA. She plans to have her chief assassin, Connor Fitzgerald, eliminated. Fitzgerald fails in the attempt and "dies" Later on he returns home with the name of a professor and he has lost his arm.
The book consists of four distinct parts. The primary purpose of part one is the introduction of the characters. Part two introduces a modern first-person view of the Order in Rome. Part three hosts the clash and resolution of Poole and George Poole. Part four is a look eons into Humanity's Expansion into.
The plot is based around a modernization of the anti-hero, Dr. Johannes Faust. After burning his library and contemplating suicide, a mysterious being named Mephistopheles comes to Faust and offers him all the information of the universe. Faust becomes savior Jack Faust by accelerating human progress at a blinding speed.
The story opens as two Nazi soldiers stop Annemarie Johansen and her friend Ellen Rosen and ask them both questions on the streets of Copenhagen. The next day, Ellen and her parents go to the synagogue for a Jewish holiday, but Nazi soldiers arrive at the Rosens' apartment and demand that they reveal where the Rosen family is.
Giovanni is a boy from a poor family, working hard to feed his sick mother. Because of this, he is ridiculed by his peers, leaving him as somewhat of a social outcast. His kindly friend, Campanella, is the only one who cares for him. At school, in a science class, the teacher asks Giovanni what the Milky Way really is.
Eric Packer is a 28 year old multi-billionaire asset manager. He makes an odyssey across midtown Manhattan in order to get a haircut. Along the way, the hero has several chance meetings with his wife and sexual encounters with other women. He is also stalked by two men, a comical "pastry assassin" and an unstable "credible threat"
The protagonist, a sixth grader named Adam, has recently moved with his family to Buffalo, New York from San Francisco, California. Adam attends St. Luke's, an expensive private school which he can only afford by virtue of a Adam is usually the winner of chess matches with his friends. He attributes this new development to the handheld chess computers that his friends now use for practice.
The main character, David, finds a device at the beach that can duplicate any living organism. David's real problems begin when the Duplicate uses the device to create a clone of himself. Eventually, the second duplicate turns on Angela and the original David, and he has to find a way to stop him.
Free Air is one of the first novels about the road trip, a subject that the Beats would build a cult following around in the mid-20th century. Composer Ferde Grofe used the novel as the basis for the music to his adventurous composition Free Air. In the HBO series Boardwalk Empire, set initially in 1920, Jimmy and his girlfriend Pearl are reading Free Air along with Jimmy.
Some fans and critics have cited this as Mordecai Richler's best book. In terms of scope and style it is unmatched by his other works. The parallels between the Gursky family and the Bronfmans are such that the novel "may be seen as a thinly disguised account of the Bronfman family"
The book's central argument is that consumption of refined sugar is unnatural and damaging to human health. Dufty even goes so far as to suggest that eliminating refined sugar from the diet of those institutionalized for mental illness could be an effective treatment. The sugar industry is criticized for misrepresenting the health and safety data of its products.
Majestic-12, a group of the worlds richest men, make up a bounty list of fifteen targets that have to be eliminated before 12 noon of October, 26th. Among the targets is Shane Schofield, who at Sch ofield's girlfriend Elizabeth Gant leads a group. of Marines along with Mother to a cave system where Osama bin Laden's number two man is.
The novel is notable for how well it conveys the alienness and colossal scale of the alien home system, as well as the scope and morality of the final battle. Bear explores the complementary theme of the moral compromises required to take and wield power. The children create a libertarian society aboard ship, with few rules and regulations.
 Ballard uses the post-apocalyptic world of the story to mirror the collective unconscious desires of the main characters. A theme throughout Ballard's writing is the idea that human beings construct their surroundings to reflect their unconscious drives. 'The Drowned World' is a setting of tropical temperatures, flooding and accelerated evolution.
Nohar is living in a cabin in the woods when he is approached by a lawyer to find a missing moreau. Soon after, the cabin is assaulted by a para-military team. Nohar escapes with his life and on the run, tries to find the moreau and discover why his life was threatened.
The Last Yankee takes place in a present-day state mental hospital, located somewhere in New England. It is a play in two parts which focuses on the relationships of two couples. Leroy and Patricia Hamilton, married many years with seven children, and John and Karen Frick, a childless couple. Both women are patients at a mental institution.
 Conspiracy of Fools tells the story of the 2001 collapse of Enron. Enron's Chief Financial Officer Andrew Fastow is depicted as voraciously greedy. The focus on reporting profits - rather than actually making money - created a situation that both encouraged and enabled a small group of insider criminals to "game the system"
Tensions between Ankh-Morpork's troll and dwarf communities mount in the buildup to the anniversary of the Battle Of Koom Valley. Vimes and Sergeant Angua visit the dwarves' under-city mine, where Angua discovers that a troll really was in the mine at the time of the murder.
The story is continued in the third book of Burroughs' Martian series, The Warlord of Mars. After John Carter's arrival, a boat of Green Martians on the River Iss are ambushed by the previously unknown Plant Men. Carter fights his way aboard a Black Pirate flier, killing all but one of the Pirates, and rescuing a captive Thern princess.
John Carter discovers that a First Born knows the secret of the Temple of the Sun. He and the Holy Hekkador Matai Shang want to rescue the Holy Thern's daughter, who is imprisoned with Dejah Thoris and another Barsoomian princess. John Carter follows them in the hope of liberating his beloved wife.
In 2001, 100-year-old Amelia Hazelwood was living in a nursing home, sick and tired of life. She signs a document given to her by doctors at the nursing home with very little awareness as to what it is. She gradually begins to change soon afterward, beginning with the realization that she no longer needs her hearing aid and is able to swing her legs over the side of her bed.
John Meredith is a widower with four young children: Jerry, Faith, Una, and Carl. The children are considered wild and mischievous by many of the families in the village. They rescue an orphaned girl, Mary Vance, from starvation, and Una finds a home for her with Mrs. Marshall Elliot.
Set in the year 2023, the book follows Alcide Nikopol return to Paris after spending 30 years frozen in space as a punishment for dodging the draft. The Paris he once knew is now ruled by fascist dictator J. F. Choublanc, the city is swarming with aliens, decaying and succumbing to chaos.
The story centers around Jill Bioskop, a journalist woman with blue hair and white skin. Her story becomes involved with that of Alcide Nikopol and the Egyptian god Horus. Two years after Nikopol is admitted John is murdered by four Afro-Pakistiani but before he dies, he tells Jill about an article in De Morgen.
Jacob Ericson is a shy, enigmatic, and somewhat inept ranch hand who works for crotchety Professor Carter and his crippled daughter Sharon. One day he learns that his hands possess the mysterious gift of healing, a gift he uses to cure animals, which he adores. When he successfully cures her, his gift is quickly exploited and the boundaries of his charm and naivete begin to stretch.
 Artemis Fowl lures Mulch Diggums, a dwarf, to work with him to steal a tiara for a laser he is developing. A band of other dwarfs, using a circus as their cover have already stolen the tiara. Captain Holly Short is on a break pending a tribunal after the Fowl Manor Incident.
The novel is alternately narrated in first-person by Claudia MacTeer and in third-person omniscient, focusing on various other characters. Pecola is continually being told and reminded of what an "ugly" girl she is, thus fueling her desire to be white with blue eyes. Claudia resists the white racial standard in her society, is aggressive and determined.
The book starts off from the events at the end of The Clan of the Cave Bear detailing the life of a young Cro-Magnon woman named Ayla. In a parallel narrative, Jondalar accompanies his impetuous younger half-brother Thonolan on a traditional rite of passage.
Davey Wexler, along with her mother, Gwen, and her little brother, Jason, has just attended the funeral of her father, Adam, who was shot to death in a holdup at their 7-Eleven convenience store in Atlantic City. After lying in bed for days on end and not eating, she starts her sophomore year of high school.
Jill Paton Walsh's new book is about tolerance and moral certainty. Shepherds find a creature with strange footprints stealing their lambs. Fisherman find a swimmer near exhaustion struggling towards the shore. The swimmer says he is a prince in the unheard of land of Aclar, and declares himself to be an atheist.
This book picks up where The Valley of Horses ends. Ayla and Jondalar, meet a group known as the Mamutoi, or Mammoth Hunters. Some fans have criticized author Jean Auel for making the book somewhat of a soap opera. Author uses the same technique for common sexual activity as she uses for stone age technology. Many readers report having enjoyed the book.
The play consists of two acts, and revolves around a psychiatrist attempting to seduce his attractive prospective secretary. The play opens with the doctor examining Geraldine Barclay in a job interview. His wife, however, is also being seduced and blackmailed by a Nicholas Beckett. Dr. Prentice's clinic is then faced by a government inspection.
John Salvatore Fontanelli is the son of a shoemaker in New York who works as a pizza driver. He inherited a huge fortune simply by being the last male descendant of a wealthy Italian merchant living and working in 16th century Florence. His ancestor has charged his heir with the task of using the inheritance to give back mankind its lost future.
The Plains of Passage is one of the longer books in the Earth's Children series. Ayla is often viewed by her new friends as mystic or supernatural, partially due to her friendships with the world's first known domesticated horses and wolf. Jondalar declines the offer to become joined with a high-ranking Sharamudoi couple.
The play opens with the main characters Lisa and Clint meeting for the first time. Clint picks up on Lisa's unease about her mother's situation and begins charming her. The next scene opens a few years later and Clint and Lisa have married and have twins. The couple has been living in a series of motel rooms and are plying a scam whereby Lisa lures young girls into the room where Clint rapes and abuses them.
Ayla was raised by Clan Neanderthals, known as "flatheads" to the Zelandonii and viewed as no better than animals. Ayla is drawn ever closer to an as-yet-undetermined role in the Ninth Cave. Her knowledge of the healing arts as well as hunting force her to accept a role in spiritual leadership of the group.
Anthony Greville is a Member of Parliament who is married with two children. He is having an affair with sculptress Natalia Jones, an enigmatic mother of two. The focus of this novel is based on Greville's dissatisfactions and confusions. He wants to be with Natalia when he is with his wife and vice versa. Greville becomes disillusioned with politics, Greville travels to Central Africa to meet Ndoula.
Kovacs is on the run after making numerous attacks against the Knights of the New Revelation, an extremist religious order. "Martians" are a long-dead, super-advanced, avian/winged species who disappeared from our galaxy. Kovacs schemes to rescue Sylvie by approaching old criminal associates of his.
Edward Pierce, a charismatic and affluent "cracksman" or master thief, makes plans to steal a shipment of gold. Henry Fowler develops syphilis and, unwilling to seek medical attention out of embarrassment, decides to seek a remedy by sleeping with a virgin. Pierce is sentenced to a long prison term but manages to successfully escape while being transported from the court and disappears.
The story begins with the childhood and exceptional and accomplished youth of Prince Stepan Kasatsky. He discovers on the eve of his wedding that his fiancée Countess Mary Korotkova has had an affair with his beloved Tsar Nicholas I. The blow to his pride is massive, and he retreats to the arms of Russian Orthodoxy.
Mill identifies utilitarianism as one of the empirical theories of ethics. He formulates a single ethical principle from which he says all utilitarian ethical principles are derived. The Greatest-Happiness Principle deals with doing the greatest good for the greatest number of people. Mill believes we must turn our attention away from our own happiness towards other objects and ends.
The plot follows Heidi Holland from high school in the 1960s to her career as a successful art historian more than twenty years later. The play's main themes deal with the changing role of women during this time period. Though most of the characters are women, there are two important male characters; Peter Patrone and Scoop Rosenbaum.
The first part of the novel details Tyler's life in Lancaster, Washington. He is in a relationship with a girl named Anna-Louise, and dreams of working for American Defense Contractor, Bechtel. Tyler's grandparents are quite wealthy, but they will not share their wealth with their family members.
Jim, the older and more ambitious of the Ruggles twins, decides he wants an adventure of his own. Jim follows a friendly little dog into a drain pipe around a wharf's barge-loading area for shelter. John, the younger twin, is a car fan and regularly visits Otwell Castle's car park. A farmer catches Kate with a basket of his mushrooms.
Enoch Rucker Blakeslee announces that he intends to marry Miss Love Simpson. Miss Love tells Will that she married Rucker only because he promised to deed her the house and furniture. Rucker married Miss Love to save on the cost of a housekeeper. Will's uncle, Camp Williams, commits suicide, which begins a dark period in Cold Sassy.
Four days after a Weiberfastnacht party, where Katharina met a man named Ludwig Götten, she calls on Oberkommissar Moeding and confesses to killing a journalist for the newspaper Die Zeitung. Tötges investigates everything about her life, calling on her friends and family, including her ex-husband and hospitalized mother.
Anna dislikes England throughout the novel, always feeling like an outsider. She describes all of the towns that she tours as part of the chorus line as identical. Anna's stepmother is depicted as overtly racist. She hallucinates, her mind filled with scenes of the masquerade in the Caribbean of her childhood.
John Dolittle, MD, is a respected physician and quiet bachelor living with his spinster sister in the small English village of Puddleby-on-the-Marsh. His love of animals grows over the years and his household menagerie eventually scares off his human clientele, leading to loss of wealth. But after learning the secret of speaking to all animals from his parrot Polynesia, he takes up veterinary practice. His fortunes rise and fall again after a crocodile takes up residence, but his fame in the animal kingdom spreads throughout the world.
The book tells the story of Ted Mundy, a Pakistani-born Briton who as a student becomes proficient in the German language. He joins a 1960s-era student protest group in West Berlin and becomes a lifelong friend of a West German student anarchist named Sasha. Sasha has become totally disillusioned with the Communist Bloc and enlists the naive Mundy to become a double agent.
The novel is set in the small town of Friendly, West Virginia,Nicknamed the "Mountain State", West Virginia abounds in mountains and rivers. For hundreds of years, the state has been home to hunters of deer, bears, beavers, and other animals. In the contemporary day, people hunt despite most of the large animals' having disappeared.
The Jerome family house is destroyed by teenage vandals. However, a childlike stalker calling himself 'The Avenger' witnesses the whole incident and, enraged, begins to track down each culprit. The Avenger is the voice of the main character in the film, which is out now on Blu-ray and DVD.
Kit McMahon is the daughter of Helen McMahon and Martin McMahon. Helen left a note for her daughter Kit saying that her mother had committed suicide. Kit finds the note and burns it without opening it. Kit struggles to grow up without her mother and with the stigma of her mother's death. Lena Gray claims to be a close friend of Helen, but is really Helen herself.
This is the only book in the series to be set in England. It involves Sharpe looking for the missing Second Battalion of the South Essex Regiment which he needs to reinforce the dwindling First Battalion in Spain. Sharpe and Harper have to rejoin theSouth Essex as recruits to find the missing men.
Doctor Dolittle meets Tommy Stubbins, the young son of the local cobbler, who becomes his new assistant. Tommy learns how to speak animal languages and becomes involved in the Doctor's quest to find Long Arrow. This novel takes us to the Mediterranean, South America, and even under the sea.
As a third child or a Shadow child, Luke's parent's have to break the law. Like all third and fourth children, must spend his days without being seen by the public. Luke meets a person named Jen and she leads a rally against the population law then dies, luke feels guilt.
Claudia Hampton, a 76-year-old English woman and a professional historian, is terminally ill. She is spending her last remaining moments in and out of consciousness thinking of writing a history of the world with her life. Claudia sets aside her studies in history to become a war correspondent.
The plot revolves around a murder case in which Kabuo Miyamoto, a Japanese American, is accused of killing Carl Heine. Carl's body had been pulled from the sea, trapped in his own net, on September 16, 1954. The trial, held in December 1954 during a snowstorm that grips the entire island, occurs in the midst of deep anti-Japanese sentiments following World War II.
Homer "Sonny" Hickam, Jr. lived in a small coal mining town in West Virginia named Coalwood. After seeing the Russian satellite Sputnik, Sonny decides to join the American team of rocket engineers called the Army Ballistic Missile Agency. They called themselves "Rocket Boys" and called the place they were launching their rockets from "Cape Coalwood", in honor of Cape Canaveral.
Etsuko reflects back on her own life as a young woman in Japan, and how she left that country to live in Britain. In Britain, Keiko becomes increasingly solitary and antisocial. Etsuko recalls how, as Keiko grew older, she would lock herself in her room. This disturbing behavior ends, as the reader already has learned, in Keiko's suicide.
Doctor Dolittle's assistant, Tommy Stubbins, reports on Professor Quetch, curator of the Dog Museum. Meanwhile, the doctor has learnt insect languages and hears ancient tales of a giant race of insects. Fascinated, he plans a voyage to find them &mdash; but before he does so, one arrives in his garden.
Doctor Dolittle has landed on the Moon and each day brings a new discovery. There is no pretence that the Lunar environment, described in meticulous detail, in any way conforms to what was known to science at the time of writing. The book can be considered as fantasy more than science fiction.
The novel tells the story of Anthony Patch , his relationship with his wife Gloria, his service in the army, and alcoholism. Toward the end of the novel, Fitzgerald references himself via a character who is a novelist. "You know these new novels make me tired. My God! Everywhere I go some silly girl asks me if I've read 'This Side of Paradise"
Following on from Infinity Welcomes Careful Drivers, Lister, Rimmer and The Cat have discovered a cache of 'Better Than Life' headbands in one of the sleeping quarters. They fantasise that they board the Nova 5 and Rimmer becomes the head of a multi-national corporation. Rimmer loses his fortune, has his body repossessed, and ends up in the body of a woman.
The story of Earthsearch 2 continues the adventures of the crew of the starship Challenger begun in the previous serial, Earthsearch. At the end of the serial, the four crewmembers had chosen to settle on the sufficiently Earth-like planet. When Savin is unexpectedly killed by a 'monster' that appears from the sea, the colonists are placed under further strain.
The play contains a prologue in which the character Machiavel, a Senecan ghost based on Niccolò Machiavelli, introduces "the tragedy of a Jew" The Jewish merchant in question, Barabas, is introduced as a man owning more wealth than all of Malta.
The protagonist of the story is Sun Piao, a Chief Investigator of the Shanghai Public Security Bureau Homicide Department. He is the archetypical hardboiled detective of film noir: cynical, pessimistic and somewhat self-destructive. The storyline of the book revolves around an investigation of several horrifically - but surgically - mutilated corpses.
Joyce described the structure of the play as "three cat and mouse acts" The action mostly involves Robert Hand's attempts to pounce on Bertha. Bertha is jealous of Rowan's relationship with Beatrice, and Hand is jealous with Rowan. The play ends inconclusively, with Hand asking if Bertha loves him.
Athenian nobleman Glaucus falls in love with the beautiful Greek Ione. Ione's former guardian, the malevolent Egyptian sorcerer Arabaces, has designs on Ione and sets out to destroy their budding happiness. Arabaces is struck down by an earthquake, a sign of Vesuvius's coming eruption.
Stephen Gordon is an invert who longs to be a boy. She falls in love with Angela Crossby, the American wife of a new neighbor. Stephen pretends to have an affair with Valérie Seymour to drive her into Martin's arms. The novel ends with Stephen's plea to God: "Give us also the right to our existence!"
Zhang Wuji is the leader of the Ming Cult. He reforms the cult and helps to improve its relations with other sects. He becomes a key figure in leading rebel forces to overthrow the Yuan Dynasty. In 2005 Jin Yong published the third edition of the novel, which has a slightly different ending from the earlier versions.
Poirot gives a lift to two female hitch-hikers - one Dutch and one Italian. Hattie learns that a cousin, Etienne de Sousa, is about to visit. She seems upset by this, referring to him as a killer. Other visitors at Nasse House include an architect, Michael Weyman.
Tommy Stubbins is waiting for Doctor Dolittle's return from the Moon. When the Doctor does so, he is anxious to write of what he has experienced. The poignancy of the doctor's lunar experiences is juxtaposed with his hilarious attempts to be put into jail.
Talia is a farm girl from the southern border of Valdemar. She lives with a socially and religiously strict group which believes in female submission and polygynous marriage. On her 13th birthday, she heretically rejects an offer of marriage, declaring her desire to be a Herald. She is in hiding from her family when she encounters a horse-like being -- a Companion.
The Ancient is the messenger of the moon goddess, who came to earth in the form of a hare. He tells the bat and squirrel that the only way to prevent doom is to convince their kinds to join. The story tells the tale of the squirrel maiden Ysabelle and Vespertilio.
Tiria is daughter of Banjon Wildlough, the Skipper of Otters at Redwall Abbey. The novel begins with Riggu Felis, wildcat warlord of Green Isle, and his two sons, Jeefra and Pitru, attempting to kill an osprey.
Rickie Elliot is an orphan who grew up living with cousins. Agnes Pembroke is engaged to Gerald, now in the army. Rickie has an epiphanic vision of the sexual bond between Gerald and Agnes. Aunt Emily wants Rickie and Stephen to get to know each other. Yet it turns out that they are in fact half-brothers.
The book was the basis of the 1975 Paul Newman film of the same name. The movie has radical departures from the plot of the novel, including moving the location to Louisiana. Archer is hired by a woman to investigate a slanderous letter she received. It is not long before Archer is more concerned with investigating murder instead of just blackmail.
Mohan Kumar as a student in the U.S., Mohan has "lost his virginity" at Princeton University to Jessica Brown, a beautiful black lady. While still in the USA, Ms. Yasmeen, a Pakistani, revealed to Mohan Kumar the heady passion of a woman older than her male counterpart. Kumar's sex escapades, before the divorce and post divorce were unusual and varied.
Admiral Peary travels at approximately one-third c and took a little over 30 years, instead of 24 , to cross the twelve light years between Earth and Tau Ceti. Ship is named Admiral Peary for its role as a military exploration ship, after Adm. Robert Peary, who did the same in Arctic exploration.
Ashton Pelham-Martyn is the son of a British botanical scientist traveling through India. His mother dies from childbed fever shortly after his birth and his father dies of cholera a few years later. At the age of 11, Ashton uncovers a murderous conspiracy against Lalji and learns he himself will be killed for interfering with the conspiracy.
The main character in the novel is Freek Groenevelt, a 37-year-old journalist living in Antwerp. From a café, he witnesses four workers breaking up a street and then closing it up again, for no apparent reason. He then receives a letter from Joachim Stiller, in which Stiller announces that the event he witnessed is a portent. A graphologist determines Stiller's handwriting is exactly what he would expect from a man "who doesn't exist at all, but could nonetheless write"
Six years after the death of Mao, the People's Republic of China opens its doors to learn how to integrate into the larger world. The title character, a thirty-six year old English teacher in Shanghai, learns a great deal of Chinese culture from interacting with her students in and out of class.
Murbella Honored Matre descendants have returned from The Scattering. They have replaced all the Lost Tleilaxu Elders, as well as countless humans. Murbella is trying to prevent civil war on Chapterhouse. She meets an emissary sent by the Spacing Guild, which is desperate for spice.
As Sandworms of Dune begins, the passengers of the no-ship Ithaca continue their nearly two-decade search for a new home world for the Bene Gesserit. Mother Commander Murbella of the New Navigator Edrik and his faction have commissioned Waff, the imperfectly awakened ghola rescued by the Guild, to create "advanced" sandworms.
Joan of Arc is a 1428 novel about a young girl who is chosen by God to lead his armies. The foreword is by fictional author Sieur Louis de Conte, writing from Domrémy, France to his great-great-grand nephews and nieces, in the year 1492. He relates his relationship to Joan in 1415, following the death of his family by a Burgundian raiding party.
Barlennan, captain of the Bree, is on a trading expedition to the equator, where the gravity is a tiny fraction of what his culture is used to. The novel provides an exposition on how the weather, geology and atmosphere of the seas and the pole are affected by the local conditions. It sees the Mesklinites overcoming their fear of gravity as they learn to view it scientifically.
Twenty-two year old Johnny Weather has returned from the army, only to find his estranged father long dead. As he tries to dig up the murderer, he fences with a motley list of strange characters and hustlers. The book never names the state in which the fictional town is located, but many references are made to the city being located in the Mid-West.
 angels and mortals, who need one another but have a love-hate relation, inhabit the land of Samaria. Legends state that angels were made by Jovah to oversee Samaria under the guidance of the Archangel. Samaria is divided into three regions, Gaza, Bethel and Jordana, separated by rivers.
Members of an organization have essentially two possible responses when they perceive that the organization is demonstrating a decrease in quality or benefit to the member. Exit and voice themselves represent a union between economical and political action. Exit is associated with Adam Smith's invisible hand, while voice is by nature political and at times confrontational.
Natasha leaves her parents' home and runs away with Alyosha - the son of Prince Valkovsky who abuses her father. The only friend that remains by Natasha's side is Ivan - her childhood friend who is deeply in love with her. Ivan picks up an orphan girl, Elena, and learns that her mother ran away from her father's home with her sweetheart.
Dr. Peter Hobson invents a machine that detects a brain pattern that leaves the body after death, a pattern many believe is a soul. Hobson and his friend Sarkar Muhammed create three electronic simulations of Hobson's own personality. When people Hobson had a grudge against begin to die, he and Sarkar must try to find out which is responsible.
The main story begins in Easton, when the protagonist Rhapsody finds herself in jeopardy. In her attempt to get away, she falls in with two mysterious men named Grunthor and Achmed. Though they run from their pasts, they eventually realize that no one can outrun their destinies.
Arrow's Flight is a novel about the life of Herald Talia and her internship with the Herald Kris. Talia is worried that she is misusing her Gift of Empathy. She is also worried about what effect her relationship will have on her relationship with Kris' best friend, Herald Dirk.
The book describes the construction of an important bridge in Albanian territory at an ungiven time or age. Told by a catholic monk, Gjon , the story of the bridge, as seen by Gjon is filled with prissy, unhappy bureaucrats. Both the river Ujana e Keqe and the bridge itself are major characters in the book.
The narrator describes a trip to Torre di Venere, Italy, which becomes unpleasant for him and his family. He feels the Italian people are too nationalistic. The second half of the story introduces the character Cipolla, a hypnotist who uses his mental powers in a "fascist" way to control his audience.
The book begins with an ancient vampire of Nordic descent awaking after being frozen in a block of ice for hundreds of years. The vampire, Thorne, meets Marius de Romanus and inquires about Marius' past. Marius is given the powers of the dying god by the druids and learns of Akasha and Enkil, the progenitors of all vampire-kind.
Fads and Fallacies in the Name of Science is written by Richard Gardner. Gardner says cranks have two common characteristics. The first is that they work in almost total isolation from the scientific community. The second characteristic of the crank is the tendency to paranoia. Gardner compares this to the way that schizophrenics talk in what psychiatrists call 'neologisms'
Ensign Sam Drake attends a party on his last night stationed in Hawaii and meets the woman of his dreams. The next day Sam starts his leave before receiving a new post. He returns to his home town of Detroit and decides to check into a connection between the dead woman and a radical group of black activists. Another death quickly follows and Sam finds himself on a cross-country adventure.
Edith is a doll who lives by herself until two teddy bears, called Mr. Bear and Little Bear, appear in her life. Mr Bear goes out for a walk leaving the two alone in the house. He returns to find they have rummaged in a closet for dress-up clothing, smeared themselves with makeup, and written "Mr. Bear is just a silly old thing" in lipstick on the mirror.
Franklin's Autobiography was written after his death. It was intended to cover more ground than he actually did. Franklin's experiments with electricity are published in England as a book. Abbé Nollet is offended because this work calls into question his own theory of electricity.
The novel opens in a small village in Ixopo Ndotsheni, where the black pastor Stephen Kumalo receives a letter from the priest Theophilus Msimangu in Johannesburg. Kumalo goes to Johannesburg to help his sister Gertrude and to find his son Absalom, who had gone to the city to look for her but never came home. Shortly thereafter, Kumalo learns that his son has been arrested for murder.
A child has died and an angel is escorting him to Heaven. Along the way they gather flowers to transplant into the gardens of Heaven. The angel takes the child to a poverty-stricken area where a dead field lily lies in a trash heap. He explains that it had cheered a crippled boy before he died.
The plot centers on Leo Kall, a scientist who is incredibly loyal to the government. He develops the drug, Kallocain, which is a truth drug. It has the effect that anyone who takes it will reveal anything, even things they were not consciously aware of.
Theo Vilmos is a thirty-year old musician who plays in a band consisting mostly of much younger players. After Theo's girlfriend Catherine has a miscarriage and dumps him while recovering in the hospital, his life goes from bad to worse. He finds himself in the magical world described in his uncle's book. He quickly discovers the world to be unfamiliar and dangerous.
The novel follows Moon, the only one of these clones to survive to adolescence. The residents of Tiamat are split into two clans: "Winters" who advocate technological progress and trade with offworlders, and "Summers" who depend on their folk traditions and rigid social distinctions to survive on this marginal planet.
The story is told by a first-person narrator and well-to-do author, William Ashenden. He is contacted by Alroy Kear, a busy-body literary figure in London. Kear has been asked by the second Mrs. Driffield to write the biography of her deceased husband.
Sam Beaver, an 11-year-old boy on a camping trip, saves the female from being attacked by a fox. The swans begin to trust him, and Sam gets to see their five eggs hatch. At the end of summer, the swan family flies to the winter refuge, Red Rock Lakes in Montana.
Lisse and her 8 friends are unemployed after graduating from a respected private school. They are assigned to their Designated Area , and allowed to live as a group in an abandoned warehouse. They discover that by day, the area they live in is a dreary, dirty place. By night, however, the unemployed folks go out to party and otherwise spend care-free evenings. During a trip out to experience the nightlife, the group learns of The Game.
King Trent sends Bink on a mission to find the source of magic of Xanth. Bink narrowly escapes all enemies through a series of seemingly circumstantial events, due to his talent. He eventually lets the magic go by freeing the demon, but is convinced by Cherie Centaur to go back and look for the demon again, hoping to convince it to stay.
Dor, son of Bink, is a 12 year old magician and next in line to inherit the throne of Xanth. King Trent sends him through the tapestry on a mission 800 years into Xanth's past to find the ancient and mysterious Zombie Master. Dor must use his magic and every other resource he possesses to help beat back an invading wave of mundanes and find a way to restore Millie's zombie lover to life.
Night Mare centers around Mare Imbrium, one of the night mares charged with delivering bad dreams to the people of Xanth. Imbri carries half a soul, her fee for carrying Chem Centaur out of the void in. She sets out for Castle Roogna, determined to deliver the Stallion's message to King Trent. Along the way she meets a white stallion , which is rare in Xanth, because the offspring of most of the horses are Imb
The book begins with Lacuna, one of the mischievous Castle Zombie twins, seeking a way to fix her "dull" life. To do so she comes to ask Grey, Ivy's betrothed and pro-tem magician of knowledge, for the answer. Grey doesn't want to answer her question because he knows that something terrible will come of it. Lacuna decides to make a deal that even Grey can't refuse, to outwit Com-Pewter.
Mela is able to turn into a full human so that she can walk on land. Gwenny has to prove her courage to become leader of Goblin Mountain. Her task is to steal an egg from the Roc's nest. The two storylines are brought together when Mela has to help save Gwenny from a Roc and a hard place.
Hurricane Happy Bottom is causing problems in Mundania and Xanth. The Mundane Baldwin family is blown into Xanth by a Yon Ill Wind. Demon Xth has made a deal with Demon JUter that he could get one Xanthian to shed a tear. The demons change up by making Xth into a dragon ass.
Breanna, a beautiful young newcomer to the enchanted land of Xanth, must deal with a distressing dilemma. Her quest to preserve her innocence, and find her destiny, takes her on an exhilarating excursion packed with perils, puzzles, and piles of puns.
The play opens in "a corner inside an enormous circus tent" Two vendors, Mr. Zuss and Nickles, begin the play-within-a-play by assuming the roles of God and Satan. They watch J.B., a wealthy banker, describe his prosperity as a just reward for his faithfulness to God.
Briony Tallis, a 13-year-old English girl with a talent for writing, lives at her family's country estate with her parents. Her older sister Cecilia attends University of Cambridge with Robbie Turner, the son of Robbie. Robbie realizes he is attracted to Cecilia, whom he has not seen in some time, and writes several drafts of a love letter to her. By accident he gives her a version he had meant to discard, which contains lewd and Brion
Mrs. Samuel Lawrence gives Lew Archer 50 dollars for one day of his time to find her daughter Galatea. Archer soon discovers she was married to a small-time mobster named Joe Tarantine. The investigation quickly gains a body count and Lew is constantly drawn from Los Angeles to Pacific Point, Palm Springs, San Francisco.
The story begins with Frank and Joe Hardy barely avoiding being hit by a speeding driver whom they notice has bright red hair. Later, this same red-haired driver attempts a ferryboat ticket office robbery and successfully steals a yellow jalopy called Queen from the Hardys' friend, Chet Morton. The excitement of finding Queen is quickly gone when it is reported that there has been a robbery of forty thousand dollars in securities and jewels from the Tower Mansion.
The book is divided into two parts. In the first part, Cytowic describes his chance encounter during a dinner party on February 10, 1980 with MW, the "Man Who Tasted Shapes" The second part of the book, entitled "Essays on the Primacy of Emotion", presents a number of his reflections on what the phenomenon of synesthesia means.
"The Owl and the Pussycat" features four anthropomorphic animals &ndash; an owl, a cat, a pig, and a turkey. It tells the story of the love between the title characters who marry in the land "where the Bong-tree grows" Portions of an unfinished sequel were first published posthumously in 1938.
Venus disguises herself as a mortal and meets Aeneas, who has arrived, lost, on the coast of Libya. She helps him meet up with Illioneus, Sergestus and Cloanthes, other surviving Trojans who have already received generous hospitality from the local ruler Dido, Queen of Carthage. Dido's suitor, Iarbas, presses her to agree to marry him, but Venus has other plans. She disguises Cupid as Aenes's son Ascanius, so that he can touch Dido and touch her with his arrow.
Unmarried fifty-four-year-old Virginia Miner is off to London for another research trip. She is hoping to produce an important new book about playground rhymes. She finds that her work has been trashed by a critic, L. D. Zimmern of Columbia.
The novel is part of a series that follows the exploits of Harry "Rabbit" Angstrom from 1960-1990. Rabbit at Rest focuses on the years 1988-1989. It finds Harry nearly forty years after his glory days as a high school basketball star in a mid-sized Pennsylvania city.
This third novel of Updike's Rabbit series examines the life of Harry "Rabbit" Angstrom, a one-time high school basketball star. Harry and Janice, his wife of twenty-two years, live comfortably, having inherited her late father's Toyota dealership. Harry has become somewhat enamored of a country-club friend's young wife.
Abel is a Native American boy who is unable to assimilate to the demands of the modern world. He is hired by a rich white woman to chop wood for her. She seduces Abel to distract herself from her own unhappiness. Abel is found guilty of murder and sent to jail. He unites with a local group of Indians.
Storm Boy likes to wander alone along the fierce deserted coast among the dunes that face out into the Southern Ocean. After a pelican mother is shot, Storm Boy rescues the three chicks, and nurses them back to health. The story then concentrates on the conflict between his lifestyle and the externally imposed requirement for him to attend a school.
The Scions of Shannara is set in a land ruled by the military and cruel order called the Federation. The Elves have vanished from the face of the land, while the dwarves are imprisoned for having fought the Federation in the past. Par Ohmsford and his brother Coll start the story in Varfleet, telling legends and histories of the past through the use of Par's magic.
The book opens with an objective narration about a group of five travellers traveling through Exmoor in rural England. Eventually the narration stops and is followed by letters, interview transcripts, and snatches of more third-person narration. The mystery of Bartholomew's disappearance is never solved, and Ayscough surmises that he committed suicide out of guilt from his disobedience to his father in the matter of an arranged marriage.
Mike Noonan suffers severe writer's block after his pregnant wife Jo suddenly dies in an accident. Four years later, Mike, still grieving, is plagued by nightmares set at his summer house in TR-90, Maine. Mike begins having recurring, disturbing dreams and visions, and realizes he shares a psychic connection with Kyra.
In 1980, two teenagers stumbled across a body, early in the morning. Cause of death was determined to be asphyxiation, as a large chunk of flesh was extracted from the victim's throat. More than a year later, thanks to a sharp-eyed rookie spotting an out-of-state cigarette tax stamp, the John Doe becomes known as The Colorado Kid.
Hodge was born in 1921 in the alternate timeline of his story, in the town of Wappinger Falls. At age 17 he travels to New York City, the largest city of the United States. In 1952, Hodge takes the opportunity to finally see the Battle of Gettysburg in person. Wearing a special watch to keep track of the differences in time, he travels back in time to 1863, where he then inadvertently causes the death of the Confederate officer who occupied Little Round Top during the battle.
The plot is set in the 1960s, which chronicles the awakening of the hippie stoner Divine Right. Initially, he travels with his 'lady' Estelle and they meet up with characters such as 'The Lone Outdoorsman' and 'The Greek' Eventually, Divine Right finds himself travelling back to his Appalachian roots.
The novel's protagonist, Henry Bowman, shows an early proficiency with firearms. Bowman and his closest friends begin to systematically kill ATF agents around the nation. The President of the United States is forced to give an address to the nation relating his intent to repeal the unconstitutional laws including the National Firearms Act of 1934 and Gun Control Act of 1968.
The book tells of the adventures of Dr. Michael Ong, a paranormal scientist and former seminarian. Ong's task is to open, catalog, and classify each of the hundreds of crates in the facility's warehouse. Many of the artifacts found inside are proven to be highly dangerous and thoroughly insane...Russian teleporter technology, aliens, mutants, even a were-pig.
A cat named "Pufftail" tells his life story to his daughter Tabitha and his grandson. He tells of his life on the streets, in a pet shop, at a convent, with a kind grandmother, and with the cruel "June and Jim," among others. Pufftail says that he has three tragic parts in his life.
London Fields is set in London in 1999 against a backdrop of environmental, social and moral degradation, and the looming threat of world instability and nuclear war. Samson Young is an American, a failed non-fiction writer with decades-long writer's block, and is slowly dying of some sort of terminal disease. He assumes that Keith Talent, the bad guy, will be the murderer.
The story recounts the tragic love of Lucy Ashton, and Edgar, Master of Ravenswood. Edgar's father was stripped of the title for supporting the deposed King James II. Edgar hates Sir William for this usurpation of his family's heritage. But on meeting Lucy, falls in love with her, and renounces his plans for vengeance.
Ourika, a Senegalese infant, is "saved" from the slave trade by the governor of Senegal, and brought back to Paris as a gift for Madame de B. She is raised well, according to the standards for white Parisian girls of high society. After Ourika's society outing, things begin to go awry.
The book focuses on several key events that happen after Nafai, Elemak, Issib, Mebbekew, Zdorab and the father Volemak leave for the desert. The book ends when Moozh decides to marry Hushidh to politically tie himself with the city.
Sir Kenneth encountered a Saracen Emir, whom he unhorsed, and they then rode together, discoursing on love and necromancy, towards the cave of the hermit Theodoric of Engaddi. While he slept Conrade of Montserrat secretly avowed to the wily Grand-master of the Templars his ambition to be King of Jerusalem. He incited Leopold of Austria to plant his banner by the side of The dwarf Necbat
Jack Sawyer is a 12-year-old boy from Arcadia Beach, New Hampshire. He is on a quest to save his mother, who is dying from cancer, by finding a crystal called "the Talisman" Jack's journey takes him simultaneously through the American heartland and "the Territories", a strange fantasy land which is set in a universe parallel to that of Jack's America.
Edward Baltram, a college student living in London, gives his best friend Mark a sandwich laced with a hallucinogenic drug for a joke. After Mark, still high, falls to his death from a window, Edward is wracked with guilt and depression. In search of his father, Jesse, Edward sets off for Seegard, the family home, away from the harsh reality of London.
Faith of the Fallen begins right where Soul of the Fire leaves off. Richard is taking Cara and an injured Kahlan to the high mountains of his homeland, Westland. Nicci was one of Richard's instructors at the Palace of the Prophets in Stone of Tears. She believes fully in the goal of the Order: to have everyone live in equality.
Lieutenant Bret Taylor married his wife after knowing her only over a single overnight drinking binge while on shore leave during the war. His ship is bombed out of the water and he returns home to find his wife freshly murdered in the home he bought but had never seen. The shock of the two events sends him into a mental lapse, and he's in an asylum. The 1985 movie Deadly Companion was based on this novel.
Klingferm is an undercover American agent attempting to stop the United States of Europe from ever becoming a potent global force. Harry follows clues left by Klingferm, in the process earning the suspicions of the local police. Harry is eventually arrested and placed in jail, but soon manages to get himself released.
Sergey Aleksandrovich is summoned from Saint Petersburg to the estate of his uncle, Colonel Yegor Ilich Rostanev. He finds that a middle-aged charlatan named Foma Fomich Opiskin has swindled the nobles around him into believing that he is virtuous despite behavior that is passive aggressive, selfish, and spiteful.
The story opens with Thursday still in the world of fiction in her job as the Bellman, head of the literary police force Jurisfiction. She is still hunting the Minotaur that escaped in the last book; she is tiring of fiction, however, and longs to return to her own world and get back her husband Landen.
Larry Cook is an aging farmer who decides to incorporate his farm, handing complete and joint ownership to his three daughters, Ginny, Rose, and Caroline. When the youngest daughter objects, she is removed from the agreement. This sets off a chain of events that brings dark truths to light and explodes long-suppressed emotions.
Young Wellingborough Redburn signs on the Highlander, a merchantman out of New York City and bound for Liverpool, England. One day in a street called Launcelott's Hey he stumbles on a sight that will haunt him for the rest of the voyage. A woman and two girls "with hearts which, though they did not bound with blood, yet beat with a dull, dead ache that was their life"
The novel centers around the protagonist Henry Chinaski. We learn that he has an abusive father, and a mother that lets it happen. Football is hard for him, but he likes the violence that comes with it. Baseball, the other playground sport, is the sport he is better at.
Cacofonix the bard is captured as a present for Julius Caesar. Asterix and Obelix enlist as gladiators in order to rescue him. The next Games in Circus Maximus turn out to be the most unusual yet. This book is noteworthy in the Asterix series as the first in whichObelix says his famous catchphrase "These Romans Are Crazy"!
 Maxim Kammerer is an amateur space explorer from Earth. The novel starts when he accidentally discovers an unexplored planet Saraksh. He imagines himself a Robinson Crusoe stranded on an island inhabited by primitive but friendly natives. He finds himself in the capital of a totalitarian state, perpetually at war with its neighbors.
The novel is narrated by the dead protagonist Brás Cubas, who tells his own life story from beyond the grave. It's a novel recalled as a major influence by many post-modern writers, such as John Barth or Donald Barthelme. The novel is also connected to another Machado de Assis work, Quincas Borba, which features a character from the Memoirs.
The book begins with the birth of Alhammit Alhammitson, or Mitt, in South Dalemark, near a seaport called Holand. When Mitt is a young child, his family are evicted from their farm. Mitt and his mother Milda are convinced that three of the elder Free Holanders, Siriol, Dideo and Ham, betrayed the younger members to the Earls soldiers. Mitt is determined to take revenge on them for causing his Hildy
Danny was only four months old when his mother died and lived with his widowed father William in a Gypsy caravan, where William operates a filling station and garage. When Danny was only nine years old, he discovers that William has habitually taken part in poaching pheasants from Mr. Victor Hazell's estate. William reveals methods of poaching by placing a raisin inside a "Sticky Hat" so that the pheasant cannot flee.
Francis Tarwater is a character in the novel "The Prophet" The novel is about a man who gets drunk and wakes up naked against a tree. The novel begins when old Mason Tarwater dies. Prior to his death, he had asked his great-nephew, the teen-aged protagonist, Francis Tarwater, to give him a proper Christian burial.
A year after Lyam's coronation as king, Arutha returns to his city as the new Prince of Krondor. Jimmy the Hand, a young thief, foils an assassination attempt on the prince by a The High Priestess of Lims-Kragma seeks the truth by bringing them back from beyond the grave.
Arutha, Prince of Krondor, uses an attempted assassination as a ruse to fake his own death so that he may travel north to confront Murmandamus. In his travels to the Northlands, Arutha finds his father's former enemy, Guy du Bas-Tyra, as the Protector of the city Armengar. Meanwhile Pug and Tomas begin searching the world, and eventually beyond, for the famed sorcerer Macros the Black.
The novel has just over 100 pages and consists of two parts. Part 1, titled "Natural death", describes the monotone and empty life of Patrice Mersault with his boring office job and a meaningless relationship with his girlfriend. Part 2, titled 'Conscious death', follows Mersaults's subsequent trip to Europe. He is unable to find peace and decides to live in a house high above the sea with three young female friends.
The story traces the "adventures" of Ah Q, a man from the rural peasant class. Lu Xun exposes Ah Q's extreme faults as symptomatic of the Chinese national character of his time. The ending of the piece - when Ah Q is carted off to execution for a minor crime - is equally poignant and satirical.
Earth Federation Space Force officers stationed at the asteroid fortress Pezun rebel against the Federation leadership. The so-called "New Desides" swear to uphold the Titans' ideology of Earthnoid supremacy. Master strategist Tosh Cray assumes control of the group, which he formally disbands over issues on whether it should side with the Neo Zeon.
The Serial is divided into 52 short chapters. It chronicles the lives of a group of residents of Marin County, mostly in their mid-to-late 30s and early 40s. The plot revolves around Harvey and Kate Holroyd, a couple in the midst of the 1970s Marin County lifestyle.
Nancy is a 14-year-old girl who just wants to have fun while at a Garth Brooks concert with her friends. While there she has an asthma attack and an eighteen-year old boy named Collin helps her. From that day on she starts talking to him every day after school. One night, she invites him to her house when her mother is not home, and he rapes her in her mother's bed. She decides she wants to find Collin and have him go to jail for raping her. Later she dies and wishes for her diary to be published.
Roberto della Griva is the only survivor of a shipwreck during a fierce storm. He finds himself washed up on an abandoned ship in a harbour through which, he convinces himself, runs the International Date Line. The story is told from the point of view of a modern editor who has sorted through the man's papers.
At the beginning of the book, the city of Aramanth is greatly changed since events in The Wind Singer. A country known as the Mastery sends an army of a thousand, commanded by young Marius Semeon Ortiz, to destroy the city. They do so, killing many of the city's residents, enslaving yet more, and leaving no Every person in the Mastery is a slave.
Firesong is the story of the Manth people and their quest to find their true homeland. Bowman is the point at which the great evil and the great kindness of the world will annihilate one another. The ending sees Pinto and Mumpo betrothed, and the manth people happy at last.
The novel's main character, David Selig, is an undistinguished man living in New York City. David was born with a telepathic gift allowing him to read minds. Rather than use his ability for any greater good, however, Selig squanders his power.
The Zaïmph is an ornate bejewelled veil draped about the statue of the goddess Tanit in the sanctum sanctorum of her temple. The veil is the city's guardian and touching it will bring death to the Hamilcar's daughter Salammbô. The mercenaries leave the city unpaid and travel to Sicca.
Nick Stefanos gets drawn into the murder of Calvin Jeter, and his conscience pulls him back to his earlier occupation. At this stage he struggles with his growing unhappiness and tries to drench it in alcohol. It becomes a journey through the harshest part of the American capital and the blackest parts of the human soul.
The novel begins on June 28, 1914, the same day Archduke Franz Ferdinand was assassinated in Sarajevo. The pro-German United States under Theodore Roosevelt declares war on Woodrow Wilson's CSA. The novel ends in the autumn of 1915, with the beginning of a Marxist black rebellion against the war-distracted government.
Andrea Sachs, a recent graduate of Brown with a degree in English moves to New York City hoping to break into the publishing world. She gets a surprise interview at the Elias-Clark Group and is hired as the junior assistant of Miranda. Andrea meets Christian Collinsworth, a charismatic Yale graduate, complicating her relationship with her boyfriend, Alex.
The novel's main character is 16-year-old Michel Dufrénoy, who graduates with a major in literature and the classics. Michel searches for literature by classic 19th century writers, such as Hugo and Balzac. The temperature drops to thirty degrees below, and every river in Europe freezes solid. All agriculture is compromised and food supplies are destroyed, resulting in mass famine.
Otto zur Linde was a member of the German nobility. He lost his faith in Christianity after reading the writings of Schopenhauer, Nietzsche and Oswald Spengler. Despite his deep contempt for his fellow S.S. men, he persuades himself that the Nazi Party needs men like himself to assure the world a glorious future.
The story describes the joys and pains of the ordinary marriage of Ira and Maggie Moran as they travel from Baltimore to attend a funeral and back home again in one day. It also examines Maggie's attempts to reconcile her son and daughter-in-law.  The story was written by Ira Moran and is published by Simon & Schuster.
Texan William Kennedy can see and talk to ghosts. When his cousin calls him in to lay the ghost in the garage, Will finds he has a murderer to deal with. Will's ability complicates his life immensely and threatens his relationships with family and friends. Will will be released in cinemas on September 14, 2014.
Marianne Dreams was first published by Faber and Faber in 1958. It was illustrated with drawings by Marjorie-Ann Watts. Marianne is a young girl who is bedridden with a long-term illness. She draws a picture to fill her time, and finds that she spends her dreams within the picture she has drawn.
Part 1 opens in Persepolis. Tamburlaine is shown wooing, capturing, and winning Zenocrate, the daughter of the Egyptian king. In Part 2, he grooms his sons to be conquerors in his wake as he continues to conquer his neighbouring kingdoms. In the final act, he is struck ill but manages to defeat one more foe before dying.
Phèdre is born fair-skinned and black-haired, and given a cursed Hellene name. She is distinguished most by a red mote in her left eye, a flaw that is believed to render her unsuitable for at age 13. She contracts the Cassiline Joscelin and becomes the bed-slave of Gunter Arnlaugson.
Before Social Revolutions can occur, she says, the administrative and military power of a state has to break down. France, Russia and China had well-established states that stood astride large agrarian economies. The imperial state and the landed upper classes partnered in the control and exploitation of the peasantry.
At the opening of the story, Lovel meets Oldbuck while taking a coach from Edinburgh. Oldbuck, interested as he is in antiquities, has with him Gordon's Itinerarium. The book Edie Ochiltree shows up to dispute the antiquary's history. Lovel flees with Edie to avoid a potential arrest.
Thomas Lang is a retired Army officer who lives a somewhat hand-to-mouth existence in London. He is approached by a man asking him to assassinate American businessman Alexander Woolf. Lang is placed within a small terrorist group called the Sword of Justice as a Minnesotan named Ricky, officially in order to gather intelligence and minimize casualties.
The book is a first-person account of a travelling drug salesman. He goes to different places around the world, peddling a memory erasing drug. The author is an epileptic and took his seizures and temporary memory loss as part of his inspiration for the book. Told through a mental haze of pretty much every drug ever invented.
Young Roman officer Marcus Flavius Aquila tries to discover the truth about the disappearance of his father's legion in northern Britain. Disguised as a Greek oculist and travelling beyond Hadrian's Wall with his freed ex-slave, Esca. Marcus finds that a demoralised and mutinous Ninth Legion was annihilated by a great rising of the northern tribes.
The story is set during the turbulent years following the withdrawal of the last Roman troops from Britain. The land is reeling under the onslaught of Saxon raiders, the Pict War and a slave revolt. Vortigern, the British Ambrosius Aurelianus is the descendent of a Welsh princess and a Roman soldier.
Former soldier Jake Featherston joins the Freedom Party and uses it as his platform for taking over the Confederate government. He soon takes over as leader of the Party and unleashes angry veterans on his enemies. He almost becomes president in 1921, but setbacks at the polls and elsewhere force him and the Party to wait longer to accomplish their ruthless goals.
Main antagonist Lamar Pye uses brutal violence to avoid being raped by a giant black inmate in the showers at McAlester State Penitentiary. Lamar is a physically powerful, charismatic, aggressive and intelligent "alpha male" in his late role. Lamar reveals to his family that Richard has been working on the design for a tattoo. They begin a search for a top quality tattoo artist to carry out the work.
A geologist working for Houghton Oil accidentally uncovers a frozen body. The body spends the next fifteen days in a deep sleep, muttering to itself. The mutterings are recorded, but no-one can figure out the language. Finally, Lew McCardle, who has eight years of Latin, sends for a Catholic nun.
The play is a lyrical drama, reminiscent of Tennessee Williams' style. The play revolves around the dysfunctional family consisting of single mother Beatrice and her two daughters, Ruth and Tillie, who try to cope with their abysmal status in life. As the play progresses, the paths of the three characters diverge.
The Seven Storey Mountain is an autobiography by Thomas Merton. Merton converted to Roman Catholicism at age 23. He left behind a promising literary career and entered The Abbey of Our Lady of Gethsemani in rural Kentucky. Early drafts of the autobiography prove that parts of the manuscript were either deleted or changed.
Set in 1920s England, the book is written as if a travel memoir by a young Scotsman who had been invalided away from the Western Front. The village cricket match is the most celebrated episode in the novel, and a reason cited for its enduring appeal. An important character is Mr Hodge; a caricature of Sir John Squire while the cricket team described in the book's most famous chapter is the Invalids.
Bloom is set in the year 2106, in a world where self-replicating nanomachines called "Mycora" have consumed Earth and other planets of the inner solar system. The author of said story, Strasheim, The Mycora have apparently been stealing human gene sequences and may develop resistance to the coldness of the outer system.
The story concerns four main characters: Dr. John Montague, an investigator of the supernatural; Eleanor Vance, a shy young woman; Theodora, a flamboyant, bohemian, possibly lesbian artist; and Luke. The reader is left uncertain whether Eleanor was simply an emotionally disturbed woman who has committed suicide, or whether her death at Hill House has a supernatural significance.
The novel occurs during a 22 day period mostly in Shanghai, China, and concerns mainly the socialist insurrectionists and people involved. The four protagonists are Ch'en Ta Erh , Kyoshi Gisors, the Soviet emissary Katow, and Baron De Clappique. Their individual plights are intertwined throughout the book.
Bellarion was abandoned as a child and raised in an abbey. He departs as a young man with a letter of introduction from the respected abbot. He meets and travels with a Franciscan friar, but discovers Bellarion is a messenger sent by Lord Barbaresco to Montferrat.
Lupe dy Cazaril returns home to the Royacy of Chalion a broken man, though he is only in his mid-thirties. His old noble patroness finds a use for him as a tutor for her granddaughter, the Royesse Iselle, half-sister to the king. Caz finds himself drawn into a strange journey of dangers both spiritual and temporal.
The first part of the novel focuses on Colonel Haki, the dour but basically likable head of Turkish Security. The protagonist is a British engineer traveling back from Turkey, where he had completed high-level technical talks. Most of the plot takes place on board an Italian ship, where the protagonist travels in company with his nemesis.
Milk's sexual coming of age starts in 1939 when he is a student at Indiana University. Still a virgin, he makes Kinsey's acquaintance when the latter interviews him in order to take his sex history. Kinsey makes Milk his personal assistant despite his inexperience, but he turns out to be a quick learner.
Arthur Lestrange finds his son Richard and niece Emmeline with their own child, lying in their fishing boat. Arthur plans to stay on the island with Dick M, and the captain of the Raratonga asks for volunteers from among his crew to stay also. Jim Kearney volunteers. Arthur dies quietly while walking in the forest, and his body is never found.
Gary Leger works at a plastic manufacturing factory. Every day he has the same boring routine. Gary constantly refers to The Hobbit as his favorite book and reads it all the time. In the blueberry patch that is near his house through a steadily receding woodline, he sees a pixie holding a small bow. He then awakes in the mystical forest of Tir'na'nog in the presence of the leprechaun Mickey McMickey.
The novel is about two young children and a galley cook who are the survivors of a shipwreck in the South Pacific. The cook, Paddy Button, assumes the responsibility for caring for the small children. Richard and Emmeline are physically attracted to each other, but don't realize it or know how to express it.
The first part of the book presents an overview of the theological-juridical underpinnings of apostasy in Islam based upon the Qur'an. The next section presents the history of the application of Islamic jurisdiction on apostates documenting notable cases from the early centuries of Islam. This followed by numerous case studies covering modern day apostasies and conversions out of Islam trends throughout the world.
Jack Tagger is an obituary writer for the Union-Register. He becomes excited on seeing a death notice for James Bradley Stomarti aka Jimmy Stoma, lead man of the rock band Jimmy and the Slut Puppies. A subplot focuses on Jack's ongoing feud with Race Maggad III, and the ailing state of the newspaper.
In 1797, the year the novel begins, the Royal Navy was beset by two serious mutinies. The main grievance of the mutineers were over pay and working conditions. Delancey learns that if his vessel is destroyed while burning an enemy vessel, he can count on promotion.
The Incoherence of the Philosophers is famous for proposing and defending the Asharite theory of occasionalism. The late 11th century book brings out contradictions in the thoughts of philosophers about God and the universe, favoring faith instead. In some ways, it can be seen as a precursor to Søren Kierkegaard's Either/Or or Immanuel Kant's Critique of Pure Reason.
Many of the events of the novel are narrated twice. First by the 'editor', who gives his account of the facts as he understands them to be, and then in the words of the 'sinner' himself. The 'Editor's Narrative' starts in 1687 with the marriage of Rabina Orde to the much older George Colwan.
Once the unquestioned master of countless solar systems, the Empire is tottering on the brink of total collapse. Princess Leia struggles against all odds to hold the New Republic together. An ambitious Moff Disra leads a conspiracy to divide the uneasy coalition. Luke Skywalker, along with a mysterious group of pirate ships whose crews consist of clones.
Moff Disra hires a con artist, Flim, to impersonate Grand Admiral Thrawn. More than a hundred alien warships gather in orbit over the Bothans' homeworld of Bothawui. A peace treaty is signed by Admiral Gilad Pellaeon and New Republic president Ponc Gavrisom at the end of the novel.
The book is made up of three different sections. First is Franken's autobiography, Daring to Lead. Second is a campaign diary, following Franken and his campaign staff across the primary states of Iowa and New Hampshire. Third is a behind-the-scenes account of Franken's first hundred days as president, titled The Void.
In this often-comic novel, two Homeric scholars from Ireland by way of Harvard University plan to investigate the tradition of oral epic poetry in Albania. The singers have been doing this for many generations, possibly since ancient Greek times. The novel also considers the passing of the epic form as a means of recording and retelling history.
Terror Castle is the former home of movie actor Stephen Terrill, who has died in a possibly suicidal car accident. Terrill had pledged to haunt his former home to keep anyone else from living there. During their investigations, the boys find very scary and seemingly real activities going on in the abandoned structure.
Jody, a young single red-headed woman living in San Francisco, is attacked by a vampire and soon finds that she's become one herself. While trying to adjust to her new nocturnal lifestyle, she's aided by C. Thomas Flood, a wannabe writer who just moved to town. As Jody and Tommy begin their life together, they also discover that a recent string of mysterious murders may be the work of the vampire who attacked Jody.
The book is about a period of time in the life of Antietam Brown V and his father. Andy was molested by his foster father, who was also a member of the KKK. He puts up with cruel treatment from adults and older students at school. Every now and then in his life he cracks and causes terrible harm to his tormentors.
The novel is written in the form of diary entries by Dr. Patrick Cory. Cory is a middle-aged physician whose experiments at keeping a brain alive are subsidized by Cory's wealthy wife. The brain uses Cory to do his bidding, signing checks in Donovan's name, and continuing the magnate's illicit financial schemes.
Naked body of a young woman is found wrapped in a black trash bag in an obscure canal in Shanghai by two friends. Chief Inspector Chen Cao and his older subordinate Yu investigate the case, eventually tracing the likely murderer as Wu Xiaoming, the only son of Wu Bing, a high-ranking Party cadre.
The story concerns mischievous mythical creatures, the Gremlins of the title. In Dahl's book, the gremlins' motivation for sabotaging British aircraft is revenge of the destruction of their forest home. The principal character in the book, Gus, has his Hawker Hurricane fighter destroyed over the English Channel by a gremlin.
The book is written in the form of two parallel lines, with alternating chapters in some ways reflecting each other. The early chapters, before travelers from the future impinge on his life, can in fact be read as a straightforward historical novel. The human race is reduced to a population of less than a billion after a century of war, plague, drought, flood and famine.
In March 1873, two Norwegian-born women were brutally murdered who lived on the desolate Smuttynose Island, one the Isles of Shoals off the coast of Maine and New Hampshire. A man named Louis Wagner was tried and hanged for their murders, mostly on circumstantial evidence. More than a century later, a magazine photographer working on a photo essay about the murders returns to the Isles.
The novel follows Geoffrey Braithwaite, a widowed, retired English doctor, visiting France. While visiting various sites related to Flaubert, Geoffrey encounters two incidents of museums claiming to display the stuffed parrot. While trying to differentiate which is authentic Geoffrey ultimately learns that either could be genuine. Many chapters exist independently of this plotline, consisting of Geoffrey's reflections.
Sebold was raped while walking home through a park off campus. She reported the crime to the police, who remarked that a young woman had once been murdered in the same location. After months of no leads, Sebold spotted her rapist while walking down the sidewalk. He smirked at her and remarked that he knew her "from somewhere"
The book opens in a café in Piraeus, just before dawn on a gusty autumn morning in the 1930s. The narrator, a young Greek intellectual, resolves to set aside his books for a few months. He sets off for Crete in order to re-open a disused lignite mine and immerse himself in the world of peasants.
Orestes has no set identity: he freely creates his identity anew at every moment. He can never know who he is with certainty because his identity changes from moment to moment. Orestes first arrives as a traveler with his tutor/slave. He has come on the day of the dead, a day of mourning to commemorate the killing of Agamemnon.
This novel builds upon a statement by David in Pandora that vampire powers have recently evolved to include the psychic powers of the human from which they were created. We again meet Louis, Lestat, and David. They are followed by the beautiful witch Merrick Mayfair. She knew David when he was a mortal man working as a member of the Talamasca.
The book is six chapters long. Roth satirizes Nixon and his cabinet - particularly Henry Kissinger and Spiro Agnew. Tricky tries to deny that he supports sexual intercourse, provoking a group of Boy Scouts to riot in Washington, D.C. In the novel, Tricky ends the novel in Hell, campaigning against Satan for the position of Devil.
The play is set in Nick's Pacific Street Saloon, Restaurant and Entertainment Palace, a run down dive bar in San Francisco. Much of the action of the play centers around Joe, a young loafer with money who encourages each of the bar's patrons in their eccentricities. The bar is frequented by a number of colorful characters, including a frenetic young man in love.
Friedman uses lists as an organizational device to communicate key concepts. Two example lists are the ten forces that flattened the world, and three points of convergence. In his book, The World is Flat, Friedman recounts a journey to Bangalore, India, when he realized globalization has changed core economic concepts.
Tom Sanders, the head of advanced products manufacturing at DigiCom, expects to be promoted to run the advanced products division. Instead, his ex-girlfriend, Meredith Johnson, who recently moved to Seattle from the company's headquarters in Cupertino, California; is given the promotion. When he spurns her sexual advances, Meredith angrily vows to make him pay.
Guy Mannering had been Mr Godfrey Bertram's guest on the night of his son's birth. He made acquaintance with Dominie Sampson, and with Meg Merrilies, who came to tell him. Harry Bertram was able to discharge all his father's debts, and, with the help of Julia's dowry, to erect a new mansion.
Mr. Haynes is introduced to his new landlord, Mr. Benoit. A lodger nurse becomes the dominant factor of life at No. 2. The house is put up for mortgage, but it will take eight years before the house can fully be paid off.
In late January 1945, 121 Ranger volunteers set out to perform a rescue of over 513 Allied prisoners of war in a Japanese camp near the Philippine city of Cabanatuan. The prisoners had lived in deplorable conditions for three years, suffering from starvation, tropical diseases, and abuse from Japanese soldiers. Ghost Soldiers recounts the story of the prisoners, the Ranger unit performing the raid, and the Filipino guerrillas who provided assistance.
Midshipmouse Thomas Triton's adventures when he was young. He and his friend Woodget Pipple become embroiled in the hideous schemes of the Scale, the followers of the evil serpent god Sarpedon. Thomas tells of the midshipmouse's adventures.
The story, taking place in the year before the events of The Dark Portal, is about a young ratgirl named Fleabee. She is gentle and does not want to harm anything. But the festival of the First Blood is approaching, when young ratlings must murder by midnight or be killed themselves.
In the sewers of Deptford there lurks a dark presence that fills the tunnels with fear. Jupiter, a dark god known only by his evil, no one really knows who he is. The rats worship him and do his dark bidding. The Rat God has an evil plan to unleash the Black Death on the world.
Madamme Akkikuyu's role in The Crystal Prison is very similar to Morgan's in The Final Reckoning. Both are happier than they have ever been in their life, both lives are ruined by Jupiter at its end and both commit suicide. This is the last appearance of Twit in the Deptford Mice series.
The ghostly spirit of Jupiter is back, more powerful than ever before. Bent on revenge, he smothers the world in an eternal winter of ice and snow. With food short and no sign of spring, the mice know that a desperate struggle confronts them. Few will survive.
The novel alternates between Goodkind telling his family history and early years and his account of current events in 1973. The tales of Goodkind's early years describe his family - his mother and father, his sister, his mother's father and father's mother, and a tribe of more distant uncles, aunts and cousins. After college, Goodkind works for Harry Goldhandler, a gagwriter for radio comedies, and has a romance with showgirl Bobby Webb.
The plot centres on Bruce Robertson, a detective sergeant serving in Edinburgh's "Lothian Constabulary" Robertson is an intensely misanthropic man driven by intense hatred. He is fuelled by his penchant for "the games" &mdash; Bruce's euphemism for the myriad foul plots he hatches directed at workmates. The book ends with Bruce committing suicide in order to claim revenge on his divorced wife, Carole.
The book begins where Gone with the Wind left off, with Scarlett attending the funeral of her former sister-in-law and rival for Ashley Wilkes' affection, Melanie Wilkes. Rhett leaves Scarlett near death at his mother's house, telling her, in a letter, that while he admires her bravery in the face of danger, it has changed nothing. He compares her to an addiction to opium.
In a 1989 suburban town, a boy named David tries to get in the cool group by helping his friend Scott, and two troublemakers named Roger and Randy carry out a prank. Their target was an elderly woman who was called a witch by all the kids in the neighborhood. When they attacked her and stole her cane David flips her off to try to impress Roger. The following days David finds himself experiencing strange happenings that lead him to believe that he is cursed.
A boy receives a set of 25 toy soldiers and arrays them on a table top. One soldier stands on a single leg, having been the last one cast from an old tin spoon. Nearby, he spies a paper ballerina with a spangle on her sash. She too is standing on one leg and the soldier falls in love.
The novels are less about character and other literary concerns, than they are primers about the life of a spy that the author lived prior to becoming a novelist. By having Charlie fall in love with the Israeli Mossad agent, "Joseph," and the terrorist, "Michel," the reader is forced to see the similarities between the methods of both the intelligence services and those of the world's terrorists.
The story begins with Han Solo and Chewbacca on a diplomatic mission from the New Republic to the spice mines of Kessel. Unbeknownst to them, Moruth Doole had taken over the space mines, and was convinced the Falcon was a spy ship. In the mines, the two, with the aid of a young Kyp Durron sought for an escape. Simultaneously, Luke Skywalker embarked on his search for talented Force-sensitives whom he could mold into Jedi.
Yorick's journey starts in Calais, where he meets a monk who begs for donations to his convent. Yorick initially refuses to give him anything, but later regrets his decision. He hires a servant to accompany him on his journey, a young man named La Fleur. Along the way he decides to visit Maria - who was introduced in Sterne's previous novel, Tristram Shandy.
Kyp Durron begins his Jedi training with Luke Skywalker during this story. Kyp's power increases considerably, and he is tainted by the dark side. With his strength in the Force, Kyp guided the Sun Crusher from the heart of the gas giant, Yavin, and set out on a mission of vengeance.
A dragon clan receives word from a rat that humans are going to flood their valley. Most of the dragons refuse to accept this news and decide to either hide, fight, or take flight. Slatebeard, the oldest and wisest Firedrake is forced to hide in an abandoned building. He meets Ben, an orphaned human boy. Ben is his reincarnation, and his destiny is to save the dragons.
Molly Moon is an orphan at Hardwick House Orphanage in Briersville, England. She is usually harassed by Ms. Adderstone, the woman in charge of the orphanage. During a cross-country race at She steals the book and sneaks out of the library to read it. Curiously, she finds that chapters 7 and 8 are missing.
The almanack is presented as though it were written by Gervase Brightkin, a red squirrel. There are entries for all the days of the year, and every major event in the main novels is given a date. Much of the folk lore and elaborate traditions of the mice, bats, squirrels and rats is recorded.
Alleyne, son of Edric, intelligent, skilled, and well-liked, though sheltered and naive, leaves the Catholic abbey where he has been raised and goes out to see the world. Alleyne detours to visit his older brother, the "socman" or landlord of Minstead, whose reputation has grown to wickedness.
Qui-Gon Jinn and his ally Tahl must go to New Apsolon to investigate a murder that can destroy the peace between the planet's upper and lower classes. The Jedi investigate, although they receive few leads. Tahl is soon captured by the rogue faction that Qui- Gon and Obi-Wan were searching for.
The play concerns a team of men, Don, Teach, Bob, and Fletcher, who are conspiring to steal a coin collection from a wealthy man. Don, who owns a junk shop, sold a nickel to a man for much less than what it was worth. Out of revenge, he and his young gofer,Bob, plan to steal the man's coin collection.
Anna and Claire explores the relationship between two women and their maid. The play is delivered through quick, witty Victorian-era dialogue, mixed with double entendres and vernacular expressions. The plot line focuses on whether Anna and Claire will be able to hold on to both the girl and her wealthy but unfaithful father.
The book follows Thrall's journey from birth, to slavery as a gladiator and finally his path on the journey to becoming Warchief of the orcish Horde. The main villain of the book is Aedelas Blackmoore, who commands the encampments where the orcs were imprisoned. Thrall was trained to handle every weapon and learned battle tactics, but also studied basic writing and history.
Set after Warcraft II: Tides of Darkness but before Warcraft III: Reign of Chaos, Day of the Dragon is the story of how a human Mage, Rhonin ventures into the last remaining Orc-controlled lands in Khaz Modan. The storyline also covers Deathwing's plot to throw the mortal kingdoms into disarray by posing as Lord Prestor.
The Story of the Amulet is a children's novel by E.N. Nesbit. It follows the adventures of a group of children in central London. They are guided by the Psammead, an ancient Amulet. The Amulet can grant them their hearts' desire: the safe return of their parents and baby brother.
The novel is a seminal point in Egyptian literature since it is the first to feature a fully described, contemporary Egyptian setting. Haykal had spent considerable time in France where he was studying as a lawyer, and it was actually at this point that he wrote Zaynab in 1911.
Orfamay Quest is a small, neat, rather prissy-looking girl with primly smooth brown hair and rimless glasses. She has come to Los Angeles to search for her older brother Orrin. Orrin had recently come Marlowe starts with Orrin's last known address, a seedy apartment building in Bay City.
The story follows several months in the life of Lui, a young woman who, while exploring body modification, decides to split her tongue. The story ends with Lui's own tragic discovery about her lover and the mysterious tattoo artist she has grown entranced by.
Parineeta takes place at the turn of the 20th century during the Bengal Renaissance. The story centers around a poor orphan girl, Lalita, who lives with the family of her uncle. Shekhar is jealous of Girin, the uncle of Lalita's friend, Charubala.
Joe Bob, now writing for different papers after apparently being fired from the Dallas Times-Herald in 1985, continues with drive-in movie criticism. The fake stories surrounding and couching each review are noticeably reduced in this book. Almost all of Joe Bob's fictional friends - except for Chubb Fricke - have basically wandered out of the ongoing, almost soap opera-like plot.
The novel tells the stories of Henry DeTamble and his wife, Clare Anne Abshire. Henry has a rare genetic disorder, which comes to be known as Chrono-Displacement. Henry travels to places and times related to his own history. The last scene in the book takes place when Clare is 82 years old and Henry is 43.
Sid Koplin is sent to a small island off the northern coast of the USSR. There he discovers that the byzanium ore has already been mined. He is shot and captured by a Russian guard but is rescued by Dirk Pitt. Pitt and his colleagues set out on audacious plan to patch all of the holes and then raise the wreck.
There are two strands: *the conspiracy against the Warden of Outland, instigated by the Sub-Warden and Chancellor, and the love of a young doctor, Arthur, for Lady Muriel. The narrator falls asleep again, and hears the first stanza of the Mad Gardener's Song.
John Paul Vann became an adviser to the Saigon regime in the early 1960s. He was an ardent critic of how the war was fought. The volume begins with a prologue giving an account of Vann's funeral on June 16, 1972, following his death in a helicopter accident in Vietnam.
When Tom Long's brother Peter gets measles, Tom is sent to stay with his Uncle Alan and Aunt Gwen in a flat with no garden and an elderly and reclusive landlady, Mrs Bartholomew. Here he meets another lonely child called Hatty, who seems to be the only one who can see him. They have adventures which he gradually realises are taking place in the 19th century.
The heroine, a young, light-skinned African American woman called Angela Murray, leaves behind her past and passes for white in order to attain fulfilment in life. Plum Bun at the same time transgresses these genres by its depiction, and critique, of racism, sexism, and capitalism. The detailed description of her coming of age makes Plum Bun a classic bildungsroman.
Danny Fisher is a boxer from Brooklyn in the mid-1920s. He is forced to use his one talent, boxing, as a means of supporting his family. Danny's boxing skills attract the attention of hoodlums, and he is offered a large sum of money to throw the Golden Gloves championship. Danny accepts the bribe but beats his opponent. After going on the run for a two years in Coney Island, he returns to marry his sweetheart.
The novel tells the story of Henry Morton, who shelters John Balfour of Burley, one of the assassins of Archbishop James Sharp. Morton joins Burley in an uprising of Covenanters which was eventually defeated at the Battle of Bothwell Bridge in 1679. The novel takes its title from the nickname of Robert Paterson, a Scotsman of the 18th century.
Four-year-old Fudge has gained a high vocabulary for his age owing to his curiosity. Peter and Daniel are found at a local bakery after Fudge goes missing. The timeframe for this story is presumably 1978, which was the year Superman debuted. Fudge pours ice down Peter's shirt in the onscreen shot of Superman kissing Lois Lane.
The novel is a first person account of a nine-year-old boy, Peter, and his relationship with his brother, Farley who is nicknamed 'Fudge' Peter believes that Fudge makes his life difficult for him and his "He messes up everything he sees" Peter and Jimmy are best friends, while Peter has great disdain for Sheila.
Harvard symbologist Robert Langdon is summoned to give a lecture at the United States Capitol. The invitation apparently comes from his mentor, a 33rd degree Mason named Peter Solomon. When Langdon arrives at the Capitol, he learns that he is kidnapped by a kidnapper posing as Solomon.
James Piper sets fire to his dead mother's piano and heads out across Cape Breton Island to find a new place to live. He meets and eventually elopes with 13-year-old Materia Mahmoud, much to the anger of her family. The novel then explores the girls' relationship with their father.
Robert Caligari is an extremely odd boy who cannot stop himself from kicking pigs. This begins as a private act of revenge against his sister, Nerys. After a local man finally gets revenge on Robert by throwing him over a church wall, Robert realises that he hates people.
Helmut Sanchez is a young researcher in the employ of renowned Yale professor Werner Hopfgartner. By chance, Helmut discovers a letter written decades ago by his boss mocking guilt over the Holocaust. Helmut's intellectual quest for the truth metamorphoses into a journey of justice and blood, one with unforeseen consequences.
Ruth had a very repressed childhood in Suffolk, Virginia. She had a black boyfriend named Peter, something that was heavily taboo in a Jewish household. Ruth remarried to another black man, Hunter Jordan, and had four more children. James McBride grew up in a family of 12 children with a black stepfather, a mother whose past was a mystery.
In 2037 the North West Frontier province of Pakistan near Afghanistan is patrolled by UN peacekeepers. Two hominids, known as "Seeker', a mother, and her infant daughter "Grasper' are somewhere in the genetic chain between humans and apes. Simultaneously, Musa and Kolya, two Russian Cosmonauts re-enter Earth's atmosphere unaided and land near some camp fires spotted in central Asia.
The book is in the style of a picture book in contrast to Dahl's other books, illustrated by Quentin Blake. A TV series based on the book is expected to come out sometime in 2012. It was first published in 1978 and was written by Dahl and illustrated by Blake.
De Magnete consists of six books. It is a historical survey of magnetism and theory of Earth's magnetism. The terrella experiments are one of the book's most famous chapters. It also includes the theory of stellar and terrestrial motion and the precession of the equinox. De Magnete is published by Macmillan.
Carr argues that in the 19th century, western historians held to an empirical, positivist worldview. He argues that this view is inherently flawed, because historians selectively choose which "facts of the past" get to become "historical" In his second chapter, Carr focuses on the influence that society plays on forming the approach of the historian.
Jean Des Esseintes is the last member of a powerful and once proud noble family. He has lived an extremely decadent life in Paris, which has left him disgusted with human society. He decides to spend the rest of his life in intellectual and aesthetic contemplation. Throughout his intellectual experiments, he recalls various debauched events and love affairs of his past in Paris.
Tam Olyn is an ambitious, vain, angry young man. Orphaned at a young age, and raised by a nihilist uncle. His sister emigrates to Cassida, and marries a young engineer there. While covering a war on New Earth, he finds his sister's husband, who has been drafted, and attempts to keep him out of harm's way.
The story begins with the narrator, relating the decision of the unnamed protagonist to leave town. The protagonist travels through several geometrical and polychromatic landscapes and places, eventually encountering a place called "The Waiting Place" It is implied that time does not pass in the Waiting Place. The book cheerfully concludes with an open end.
The novel depicts a near-future London in which traffic congestion has reached almost critical levels. The government is aware of the problem and plans a major new road-building program to relieve the pressure. The alternative, heavy investment in public mass transport systems such as railways, is ignored because it clashes with the government's ideology.
The Viceroy of Portugal has rebelled against Spanish rule. The Spanish officer Andrea has been killed by none other than the captured B Horatio comforts Lorenzo's sister, Bel-imperia, who was in love with Andrea against her family's wishes. Her courtship with Horatio is motivated partially by her desire for revenge.
Sakutaro "Saku" Matsumoto and Aki Hirose, classmates all through junior high, become high school students and then fall in love. Aki finds herself suffering from Leukemia and begins to weaken, rendering her unable to see Saku or go outside. Saku is desperate to take her to Uluru in Australia , a place she had wished to visit.
In St. Mary Mead, no one is more despised than Colonel Protheroe. Even the local vicar has said that killing him would be doing a service to the townsfolk. Two different people confess to the crime, and it is time for the elderly spinster Jane Marple to exercise her detective abilities.
In "Father's Last Escape," Schulz makes an explicit reference to Franz Kafka's The Metamorphosis. The old man's business has been liquidated and all his functions and authorities taken over by wife or relatives. Father's response is to turn himself first into wallpaper, then a piece of clothing, and finally into a big crablike insect.
The story takes place during the Earl of Montrose's 1644-5 Highland campaign on behalf of King Charles I against the Covenanters. The main plot concerns a love triangle between Allan M'Aulay and Annot Lyle. Much of the novel is taken up with a subplot involving an expedition into enemy territory by Dugald Dalgetty, an experienced mercenary.
The film is based on the book "Auschwitz" by Jewish woman who was a witness at the trial. Hanna Schmitz, illiterate and former SS guard at Auschwitz. She is 36 and working as a tram conductor in Neustadt when she first meets 15-year-old Michael. She takes a dominant position in their relationship.
The story starts with Centurion Eric von Shrakenberg in a cargo airplane with his airborne unit and the embedded American correspondent William Dreiser. Eric's unit is tasked with holding the highway and village against repeated attacks by Felix Hoth's Waffen-SS armored regiment. The story details how Eric's single infantry company takes and holds a small village strategically located on the crucial Ossetian Military Highway over the Caucasus Mountains.
Dr. Marissa Blumenthal of the CDC investigates a series of deadly ebola outbreaks. The ebola virus, considered a level 4 pathogen, then plays havoc with the lives of innocent people. In the end Dr. Blumenthal is nearly killed by a goon but an FBI agent kills him and she is saved.
The novel is written in three parts. In the first part, distant cousins Elinor Carlisle and Roddy Welman are happily engaged to be married. They receive an anonymous letter claiming that someone is "sucking up" to Mrs. Welman. Mary Gerrard is not the daughter of Eliza and Bob Gerrard. She is the illegitimate daughter of Laura Welman and Sir Lewis Rycroft.
Animal Dreams opens with a chapter narrated in the third person from the point of view of Doc Homer. In the second chapter, narrated by Codi in first person, the plot line begins. Hallie leaves Tucson, Arizona, where she was living with Codi and Carlo, for Nicaragua. Codi also leaves Tucson to care for her ailing father.
Macy is still recovering from the sudden loss of her father. Since he died during one of their habitual morning runs, Macy gives up running and keeps all of her feelings to herself. This results in her being unable to comfort her mother. Her boyfriend, Jason, is currently away at Brain Camp. She applies for a job, which she gets. There she meets the artistic Wes, who she later discovers lost his mother in a car accident.
Colley is a "Gonzo journalist" with an amphetamine habit, living in Edinburgh. He also smokes cigarettes and cannabis, drinks copious amounts of alcohol, plays computer games, and has adventurous sex with a married woman. He reflects on his awful experience of witnessing the aftermath of the massacre at the 'Highway of Death' in the Gulf War.
Frank and Joe Hardy are investigating a counterfeiting case their detective dad, Fenton Hardy, is trying to solve. The Hardy boys learn a case of counterfeit money is somehow intertwined with a national security case their dad is working on. Frank and Joe help prevent 14-year-old cyclist Ken Blake from getting killed in an accident.
A fast-growing mold grows on meat, covering the victim with a powdered sugar-like coating: "The Frosted Death" Growing into the skin pores and lungs, it causes death by suffocation, and cannot be killed by conventional means. Kindly-seeming, thoroughly evil Veshnir murders to keep the mold secret.
The Hardy Boys are sent to investigate a mystery at the Mead mansion. The mansion's doors have neither knobs nor visible keyholes. Meanwhile, their father Fenton is assigned to investigate the kidnapping of a doctor. A local boy who fell in with a local thief, a master criminal, who's a relation to the boy.
The story is told from the point of view of an accomplished aging 50-year-old Viennese courtesan. Almost the entirety of the book takes place when Josephine is between the ages of 5-12 years old. The actual progression of events amounts to little more than a graphic, unapologetic description of the reckless sexuality exhibited by the heroine.
Hardy brothers embark on a freighter trip under mysterious circumstances and find themselves involved with a smuggling ring. Aunt Gertrude takes a trip to Bridgewater, evasively answering questions about where and why she is going. The boys follow her to Bridgewater and find her meeting with an elderly woman the boys previously identified as one of the people involved in the Mr. McClintock case.
The book takes place on Skull Mountain, a mountain where many skulls have been seen, near Bayport, U.S.A. Every night water strangely disappears from the new Tarnack Reservoir near Skull Mountain. Frank and Joe join forces with a team of skilled engineers to solve the baffling mystery.
Arrow cigarettes can knock people out using a gas that comes out from a vent in the ground in New Mexico. The gas was originally discovered by American Indians. The Hardy brothers interrupt their investigations of jewelry store holdups to answer a plea from their cousin on a New Mexico cattle ranch.
The Hardy Boys travel with Brigadier General Jack Smith to an historic Civil War battlefield in the Deep South. Rocky Run Battlefield is the center of a legend involving a Confederate general who was disgraced due to his alleged involvement with the theft of gold from a bank. Smith seeks to vindicate the long-dead officer.
Hardy Boys find a wallet, apparently picked up by a helicopter, containing two thousand dollars alongside their speedboat. This includes finding out who kidnapped Jack Wayne and took his plane, and where the wailing siren is coming from.  Their SOS ignored by a strange yacht in a storm.
The Hardy Boys solve a kidnapping and break up a gang smuggling illegal aliens from India. An official of the Indian government saw to it that a trained peregrine falcon was delivered to the boys to use in their investigation. Throughout their mission the falcon intercepts many messages between the smugglers as the criminals use pigeons to fly messages from place to place.
The Hardy brothers are hired by a mysterious businessman to locate an old Spanish cannon. The Hardy brothers and friends grow more and more suspicious as they encounter stolen cars and a mysterious man on a motorcycle. They eventually uncover the cannon and thousands in gold bullion after perilous underwater adventures.
Frank and Joe Hardy receive a telegram from their friend Tony saying that he is in danger in Alaska and needs their help. At the airport they find a person following them and spying on them and they are attacked. They later learn of a gang member going to The Devil's Paw - a place in British Columbia. They locate the ancient burial site and also find Ted Sewell's father.
The Hardys purchase a Chinese junk named the Hai Hau to ferry passengers to Rocky Isle and make some extra money. Four mysterious men also are interested in the boat because of treasure hidden inside.  The Hardys buy the boat and start a new life on Rocky Isle.
The Hardy Boys and Chet Morton search on the California desert for missing industrialist, Willard Grafton, and break up a gang of criminals intent on defrauding the US government. Much of this book takes place in Blythe, California and it cites real, current locales, such as Hobson Way.
Frank and Joe Hardy go to the Pocono Mountains to help their father's friend, a retired police captain, solve the mystery of Black Hollow. Neighbors of the missing man insist that the bloodcurdling cries are those of a legendary witch who stalks Black Hollow seeking vengeance. A small puppy helps the boys disclose a most unusual and surprising set of circumstances.
The Hardy Boys and Chet Morton travel to Canada's Northwest Territories to recover a stolen Viking artifact. They also smash a group of thieves robbing recreational lodges around the Great Slave Lake. They visit Saskatoon, Saskatchewan; Edmonton, Alberta; Fort Smith, Northwest Territories; and Hay River, NWT.
Will of a deceased world-traveller is strange and mysterious. Its instructions are to deliver "the valuable object to the rightful owner, a descendant of an Aztec warrior" The hunt leads to a marketplace in Mexico City, to the Pyramids at Teotihuacan and to the tombs of Oaxaca.
The story starts with the boys' friend Chet Morton who is going off to attend a summer art school in New England. He calls on the Hardy Boys to solve the mystery of the theft of two valuable oil paintings in the area of Millwood. A fort, known as Senandaga, is believed to be haunted. The Hardy Boys think that the Haunted fort may have something to do with the theft.
The Hardy Boys track down the saboteurs who kidnapped their father, and have to keep them from blowing up a bridge. The Villains are mostly ex-crooks who want that area of the bridge for themselves. The bridge is being built by Tony Pritos fathers construction company.
Joe and Frank Hardy go to a magic show with their dad. After the show, their dad asks Hexton how the vanishing act was performed. Hexton offers to do the trick on Fenton Hardy. When their dad disappears, he does not reappear. The boys suspect that their dad was purposely moved to a more secretive place.
Hardy boys fly to Iceland to look for a man that an insurance company that is giving him a reward. A clue is a glove by a sulfur pit in Iceland. They take a flight on a private plane to Akureyri. The pilot is an enemy and forces a landing on a glacier.
The Hardy Boys head to sea to solve the theft of mercury shipments and a government missile. They discover that the gang is hiding in a hotel in Baltimore, where their father, Fenton Hardy, is staying under the name L. Marks. Using devices such as ear bugs, they spy on the gang. With the help of an Admiral at the Pentagon, the boys uncover the gang's nefarious plot.
The Hardys help their pen pal from Greece, Evangelos Pandropolos, search for a priceless, ancient Greek helmet. Years ago, Evan's uncle had loaned it to a Hollywood movie company for use in a silent motion picture, The Persian Glory. The clues that the Hardys unearth keep them on the move-from their college campus to California and finally to Greece.
The Hardy Boys are on vacation in Jamaica when an ancient bronze death mask is discovered. The case takes them from Jamaica to their hometown of Bayport to Casablanca to Marrakesh. They meet William along the way, a kind African who is willing to help them uncover secrets of the mask.
The Hardy Boys help their detective father, Fenton Hardy, search for a famous rocket scientist whose disappearance endangers the launching of the Firebird Rocket. They are threatened multiple times, but still do not give up with their lives at risk. However, they soon learn that they are working for a criminal.
Hardy Boys witness an explosion and an elephant falling from an airship named Safari Queen of Quinn Airport. Strange events are happening at Wild World, so the Hardy Boys search for the truth. They fall into a trap and almost escape injury. They capture the gang in an all-out fight. The leader of the gang is Eustace Jarman.
The novel tells the story of Princess Marguerite "Daisy" Valensky. She is the daughter of a wealthy Russian-born polo player and former playboy. When Daisy turns 16, her father dies in a plane accident, after which her older half-brother, Ram, seduces and then brutally rapes her.
The story is written from the perspective of David Zimmer, a university professor who, after losing his wife and children in a plane crash, falls into a routine of depression and isolation. The middle of the story is largely dedicated to telling the life story of Hector Mann, involving his self-imposed exile from his past life and career.
Osfameron Tanamoril Clennenson is a travelling musician, who travels with his father, Clennen, his mother, Lenina, and his elder siblings, Dagner and Brid. They travel through Dalemark, a country torn by civil war between the South and the North. As they travel, they become embroiled in the civil war. Moril uses his magical cwidder to make the mountains 'walk' and close Flennpass.
Kyp Durron continued his rampage to destroy the Galactic Empire with the Sun Crusher to avenge his brother. Luke, who was in a suspended animation state after the fight between himself and Exar Kun, made every attempt he can to save his body from the evil spirit of Exars Kun. In the end, all the apprentices unite and Exars is destroyed. Kyp comes to the light side again.
The story concerns an elderly Englishman, John Sidney Howard, who goes on a fishing holiday in France after the Second World War breaks out. Entrusted with the care of two British children, and overtaken by events, he attempts to return to England and safety. His journey is hampered by the unexpected speed of the Nazi invasion of France, and by the fact that he continually finds himself entrusted with the custody of more and more young children.
The novel is set on board the Medea, a Dutch ship serving Port-au-Prince and the Dominican Republic. The narrator is Mr. Brown, returning from an unsuccessful trip to the United States to sell his hotel. Also present are Mr. Smith, who ran on the vegetarian ticket in the American election of 1948; he and Mrs. Smith are on an optimistic journey to build a vegetarian center in Haiti.
Andrew Manson, an idealistic, newly qualified doctor, arrives from Scotland to work as assistant to Doctor Page in the small Welsh mining town of 'Drineffy' Eager to improve the lives of his patients, mainly coal miners, Manson dedicates many hours to research in his chosen field of lung disease. Manson becomes involved with pampered private patients and fashionable surgeons and drifts away from his wife.
The story revolves around an anthropomorphic, tricky, clever fox named Mr. Fox who lives underground beside a tree with his wife and four children. In order to feed his family, he makes nightly visits to farms owned by three wicked, cruel, dimwitted farmers named Boggis, Bunce, and Bean. The farmers devise a plan to attempt to shoot him by sneaking up on him a certain distance from his hole, blasting shots at their enemy, only to shoot off his tail.
White Mike is the story of 17 year old White Mike, the privileged son of a restaurant tycoon. The novel takes place over a five day period in December 1999, beginning on the night of the 27th. Jessica Rothko plays a girl who enjoys watching the "dregs of hummanity" on television.
The book opens with former Ranger Captain Woodrow F. Call and Ned Brookshire, the "salaried man" of the title. Brookshire has been sent to Texas from New York by his boss, railroad tycoon Colonel Terry Terry Brookshire. The bandit in question is a young Mexican named Joey Garza, who has cost Terry significant business.
McCrae and Call are young additions to the Texas Rangers. The two young Rangers are introduced quickly and brutally to the rangering life on their first expedition. They are stalked by the Comanche war chief Buffalo Hump. After a narrow escape, the rangers return to civilization, only to quickly join an expedition to capture and annex Santa Fe, part of New Mexico for Texas.
Vicky Austin and her family are spending the summer on Seven Bay Island with her maternal grandfather, who is dying of leukemia. After the Vicky discovers a remarkable rapport with the dolphins, an unspoken communication that teeters on telepathy. Vicky meets a girl named Binnie who is sick with a type of leukemia and has seizures.
Bodies of General Alistair Ravenscroft and his wife were found near their manor house in Overcliffe. Both had bullet wounds, and a revolver with only their fingerprints left between them. Dolly had previously been connected with two violent incidents and had spent protracted periods of her life in psychiatric nursing homes.
The title refers to the Old Tolbooth Prison in Edinburgh, Scotland. The historical backdrop was the event known as the Porteous Riots. Jeanie Deans is the first woman among Scott's protagonists. The novel has been adapted for the screen once, in 1914. Two operas have also been based upon the novel.
Five first-person narratives give different perspectives on the voyage. Norwegian explorer Roald Amundsen beats them to the South Pole by a month. The story ends with the failure of the expedition to reach the Pole. The film is directed by Robert Falcon Scott and written by Lawrence Oates and Edward Wilson. It is released on Blu-ray and DVD on September 14.
The novel describes a world set in the year 2048 after a catastrophe which has fractured the United States into several nations. The protagonists live in San Francisco and have evolved in the direction of Ecotopia, reverting to a sustainable economy. To the south, though, an overtly-theocratic Christian fundamentalist nation has evolved and plans to wage war against the San Franciscans. The novel explores the events before and during the ensuing struggle between the two nations.
The Gate to Women's Country is set in the future, 300 years after a nuclear war destroyed most of human civilization. The book focuses on a matriarchal nation known as Women's country. Stavia, the novel's heroine, is the younger daughter of Morgot, an important member of the Marthatown Council.
The novel's two main characters are Therese Belivet, a lonely young woman, and Carol Aird, an elegant stranger Therese encounters one day at her temporary job in a New York department store. Therese's boyfriend accuses Therese of having a "schoolgirl crush" but Therese knows it is more than that: she is in love with Carol.
The introduction of the book includes Wilson's thoughts abouts many things, including UFOs, the Magna Carta, the IRA and Nelson Mandela. The book deals with the sometimes frightening experiences that happen to those who stumble into an expanded consciousness without any intent to go there.
Young Marcel was born in the country but raised in Marseille. His father, Joseph, is a hard-working strongly atheist public school teacher. Marcel's Aunt Rose marries the round, jovial, and very theistic and Roman Catholic Uncle Jules. Joseph and Jules come into conflict over religion.
Sunstorm opens with the last chapter of Time's Eye as its initial chapter, and Bisesa Dutt is in London, reunited with her daughter. In the meantime, a major solar event occurs on June 9, disrupting virtually all of the Earth's electronic hardware. This phenomenon is only a minor precursor to a far more massive solar eruption about five years off.
The New Inquisition is the author's term for what he refers to as a tendency within mainstream science to forbid certain forms of theories from being classed as "science" He cites the cases of Wilhelm Reich, Rupert Sheldrake, and the Mars effect controversy, among others, in support of a central claim that a materialist bias within the scientific community has led to some speculations and theories being unjustly thought of as unscientific. The book lists a large list of paranormal reports.
Vercors tells of how an old man and his niece show resistance against the German occupiers by not speaking to the officer. The German officer is a former composer, dreaming of brotherhood between French and German nations. He is disillusioned when he realises the real goal of the German army is not to build but to ruin and to exploit.
Egyptian artifacts intended for the Braintree Museum in Washington, D.C. are stolen. Mysterious figures from ancient Egypt are sighted at night. Nellie Gray is prominent on the list of intended sacrifices, and Smitty, rescuing her at one point, Samson-like, pulls down a reproduction Egyptian temple in the museum.
Elmer and Boris the dragon are stranded on a remote island inhabited only by canaries. Elmer helps Flute and the king and queen canaries to dig up a chest that the island's former human settlers left. Inside are various household items, a watch, a harmonica, and six bags of gold.
This book continues Richard's quest to find his wife, Kahlan, and release her from the Chainfire spell. Richard issues a command that the army be broken up into smaller units, stating that if the Old World wants war then they shall have it. The book ends with a few major cliffhangers.
The plot centers on a young marine biology student named Adam Eddington, who travels to the remote island Gaea off the coast of Portugal for a summer job. Adam faces a number of ethical dilemmas as he is forced to choose between these factions. Adam wants nothing further to do with Kali and her ruthless father, but the O'Keefes ask him to make a date with Kali anyway.
Darsie Herries was Alan Fairford's favourite schoolfellow. Mr Fairford consented that Darsie, who received an ample allowance on the understanding that he was to make no inquiries respecting his family, should live with them. He was nursed through a fever and introduced to a mysterious Father Buonaventure.
Boris the dragon contacts Elmer shortly after the events in Elmer and the Dragon to ask Elmer's help. Several men have found his family of dragons and are proposing to sell them to zoos and circuses. Elmer runs away from home again and helps Boris's family to scare off the men permanently.
Chang and Halliday do not accept the idealistic explanations for Mao's rise to power or common claims for his rule. They argue that from his earliest years he was motivated by a lust for power and that Mao had many political opponents. The book says that, contrary to revolutionary mythology, there was no battle at Luding Bridge.
Joe Cinque's Consolation is a book about the second trial of Singh. It was written by Garner, who became interested in the trial after being informed of it. She relates her impressions of the trial, including her negative reactions to Singh and her mystification at Rao's and others' lack of shock at and complicity in Singh's plans.
Sam Peek is a pecan farmer and local celebrity in Hart County, Georgia. He and his wife Cora are both in their 80's, and have just celebrated their 57th wedding anniversary. Cora dies of a heart attack. Not long after Cora's death, a mysterious white dog that only Sam can see appears near the house.
Maxim Kammerer and Toyvo Glumov work for an organization which investigates "Unexplained Events" The UEs are discovered to be the work of a secret society called the Ludens. The Ludens are born human, but possess latent mental powers far beyond those of normal humans. They view themselves as a distinct race, and claim to have "different interests"
Like East Timor, Danu is a Portuguese colony, invaded and occupied by its giant neighbour, which is not named, but is based on Indonesia. The people of the occupying country are referred to throughout the book as the malai, similar to 'malae' the word for foreigner in Tetum.
Hardt and Negri's Empire theorizes an ongoing transition from a "modern" phenomenon of imperialism, centered around individual nation-states, to an emergent postmodern construct created among ruling powers. The rise of Empire is the end of national conflict, the "enemy" now, whoever he is, can no longer be ideological or national.
Grover's mommy tells Grover that she has a new job, much to Grover's delight. In bed that night, Grover is creeped out by his empty room, and starts to have regrets about the move. Grover experiences more shock on realizing that Minnie won't be moving with him and his mother. In books following this,Grover and Grover’s mommy are back in the suburbs, likely somewhere in New Jersey.
Hot rod TV show producer Grant Tucker has hired the Hardy boys following several mysterious accidents. Several dangerous accidents happen, with monster trucks without drivers going on rampage. In the end, Joe and star rider Jessica Derey have a hair's breadth escape, narrowly escaping being crushed by a monster pickup on a live TV show.
Iola Leroy is a beautiful young mixed-race woman of majority white ancestry in the antebellum years. She is kidnapped, told that she has black blood, and sold into slavery in the Deep South. Embracing her African heritage, she works to improve the social and economic condition of blacks in the United States.
In 1964, astrophysicists on Earth become aware of an immense cloud of gas that is heading for the solar system. The cloud, if interposed between the Sun and the Earth, could wipe out most of the life on Earth by blocking solar radiation. This section of the novel presages the nuclear winter scenario popularised in the 1980s. In an act of desperation, the scientists try to communicate with the cloud, and to their surprise succeed in doing so.
The novel chronicles the story of Ryuji, a sailor with vague notions of a special honor awaiting him at sea. As Ryuji begins to draw close to Fusako, a woman of the shore, he is eventually torn away from the dreams he's pursued his entire life. Noboru, who shares an especially close bond with his mother through a voyeuristic ritual, hates the idea of losing his mother to a man who has let his hope and freedom die.
In the 2003 edition, Gurley Brown includes a reintroduction to her book and briefly outlines the static situations and changes that the single woman has faced from the 1960s to 2003. The first chapter introduces the single girl to the advantages of her situation and offers brief advice that will be expanded upon in the following chapters.
Sixth-grader Rod Allbright is launched into the adventure of a lifetime when a tiny alien spaceship crashes in his room. Rod finds himself aiding the aliens on their mission: to capture BKR , an interstellar criminal. Ultimately, Rod is able to help the crew of the Ferkel in returning to their normal sizes and defeating BKR.
Anton Wohlfart begins an apprenticeship in the office of the merchant T. O. Schröter in Breslau. Anton quickly succeeds through honest and diligent work, achieving a proper bourgeois existence. He later becomes involved with the liquidation of the estate of the Rothsattel family.
Chief Inspector Chen finds a dead body with precisely 18 axe wounds. He decides to take up the case - but is also ordered to escort a U.S. Marshal. In this case, it means going to look for the wife of a witness in a human-smuggling investigation.
Little Billy is forbidden by his mother to enter the Forest of Sin behind his house. She tells him of the Whangdoodles, Hornswogglers, Snozzwanglers and Vermicious knids that live in the forest. Worst of all is the Terrible Bloodsuckling Toothpluckling Stonechuckling Spittler, which chases its prey while glowing clouds of hot smoke pour out of his nose.
Gould Davis used evidence from archaeology and anthropology to support a theory of matriarchal prehistory. She argued that evidence from the Neolithic site at Çatal Hüyük showed there to be no wars or In "Anthropology Speaks", Gould Davis focused on taboos, chiefly incest.
Apollo 12 still lands, Apollo 13 still suffers its disaster, but Apollo 14 is crewed by the astronauts of the canceled Apollo 15 mission. At the same time, the NERVA program is revived to become the chosen Mars spacecraft. The Apollo-Soyuz Test Project is instead a series of visits by the Apollo Command/Service Module to Salyut space stations.
Rebecca's Tale continues twenty years after du Maurier's conclusion and begins with the same classic line: Last night I dreamt I went to Manderley again. Most of the characters from the original novel have left the area: Maximilian de Winter died in a car accident before this sequel begins and Colonel Julyan has retired to a quiet life.
Rascal chronicles young Sterling's loving yet distant relationship with his father, dreamer David Willard North. The boy reconnects with society through the unlikely intervention of his pet raccoon, a "ringtailed wonder" charmer that dominates almost every page. The story is also a personal chronicle of the era of change between the untouched forest wilderness and agriculture.
Sheen is sent to Coventry to train under boxing legend Joe Bevan. Can he overcome the many obstacles in his path, and restore the school's honour in the ring? Will Sheen be able to overcome his many obstacles to win back his reputation and his place in the boxing ring?
The main body of the work centres on Bella Baxter, a woman whose early life and identity are the subject of some ambiguity. That ambiguity is complicated by her husband Archibald McCandless's autobiography, which distorts the truth about his life with Bella. This is reinforced by the novel's intricate echoes of Mary Shelley's Frankenstein.
The story begins in 1944 and covers more than 30 years in the lives of four men and their families. The novel contrasts the "official" heroism of NASA with the human fallibilities of the cast. In a fictional postscript to history, Michener creates a last, "
Like Gray's Poor Things the novel takes the form of documentation written by the characters themselves in order to record their experiences for posterity. The central portion of the book is a third person narrative written by its protagonist, Wat Dryhope. Wat finds himself dissatisfied with the lack of purpose in a life in which everything is provided by powerplants.
The story begins in Druss's village in the Drenai Empire. With his dying breath, Druss' father tells him to fetch the family battle-axe. Rowena has married Michanek, the leading general of the Naashanites. He vows to kill Michaneks and reclaim Rowena as his own.
The CoDominium is shipping large numbers of voluntary and involuntary colonists to the colony planets. The involuntary colonists cause the most trouble, being used to a welfare state existence in government ghettoes. Idealistic reformers take up their cause. Falkenberg's Legion was originally published as the novel West of Honor, later incorporated into Falkenburg's Legion.
For the first time in five hundred years, the master of Porterhouse fails to name his successor on his deathbed. Sir Godber Evans is appointed as his successor. Zipser visits an array of public houses in search of a condom. He wakes from a drunken stupor in possession of two gross of condoms.
Rebecca Wells alternates between setting her short stories in the 1960s and the early 1990s. It is the prequel to Divine Secrets of the Ya-Ya Sisterhood. Each chapter is narrated by a different person. The book is published by Simon & Schuster at £16.99.
Sérgio is left at the age of eleven on the doorsteps of the Ateneu by his father and enters the school for the first time. It immediately becomes clear the sexual references by the headmaster's statement to Sérgio's father in the begging of the book: "You should see a coiffeur,and cut this blondy hair"
The novel tells the story of Pierre Glendinning, junior, the 19-year-old heir of the manor at Saddle Meadows in upstate New York. Pierre is engaged to the blonde Lucy Tartan in a match approved by his domineering mother. When he encounters the dark and mysterious Isabel Banford, he hears from her the claim that she is his half-sister, the illegitimate and orphaned child of his father.
A young woman meets with Zeddicus Zu'l Zorander, Wizard of the First Order in order to force him to pay a debt of bones he owes her and save her child. In so doing, she initiates the series of events leading up to the end of the war with D'Hara.
Siddalee Sidda has never had a smooth relationship with her mother, Vivi. A New York Times reporter twists Siddalee's words around in an article about her recent play. The Ya-Ya's are determined to fix the struggling relationship between mother and daughter.
Anthropologist Bergen McKee has travelled to the Navajo Reservation to research tales of Navajo witches known as "skinwalkers" Meanwhile, McKee's friend, Tribal Police Lieutenant Joe Leaphorn, is called upon to investigate a corpse with a mouth full of sand. Both McKee and Leaphorns find themselves in danger as they investigate a mystery involving a missing electronics expert.
In A New Wonderland, the author mentions planning to move there himself. The Purple Dragon bites off the King's head. Prince Zingle pushes his father down a large hole so he will become the King. Duchess Bredenbutta falls asleep on her boat while it floats down the Rootbeer River.
Kame MacIntyre: The moral structures that emerged from the Enlightenment were philosophically doomed from the start. Renaissance science rejected Aristotle's teleological physics as an incorrect and unnecessary account. Renaissance philosophy made a similar rejection in the realm of ethics. But shorn of teleology, ethics as a body of knowledge was expurgated of The Polynesians had no issue with abandoning their long-standing cultural traditions.
Patrick Wallingford, a New York television journalist, has his left hand eaten by a lion. Millions of TV viewers witness the accident, and Patrick achieves instant notoriety as "the lion guy" In Boston, a renowned hand surgeon, Dr. Nicholas M. Zajac, awaits the opportunity to perform the nation's first hand transplant. Patrick falls in love with Doris Clausen, who has his baby, Otto Clausen Junior.
The book is a biography of King Alexander the Great, ruler of Macedon, Egypt and Persia. Renault rejects the usual terminology of the "murder" of Kleitos. She refutes many slurs against Alexander, both ancient and modern. Renault also defends Alexander's friend Hephaistion.
Polly finds that below her normal and unremarkable life, there is a second set of memories, which are rather unusual. Tom sends her books and letters with stories in them, many of which tie into the general theme of his predicament. As Polly turns sixteen, she realises that she has always loved Tom. When she is rejected by him she sets out to discover the secret of his relationship with the sinister Laurel.
In a cave under a glacier in British Columbia, Brent and Lini Waller find a time capsule with treasure, artifacts, and manuscripts from an advanced, pre-Ice Age civilization. Lini seeks to sell the cave contents to the Wittwar Foundation. She leads the Justice Inc. team into several death traps, including a room filled with dry ice and a building that falls on their car.
Most of the dreams are concerned with mundane affairs: talking to his friends Ian Sommerville, Allen Ginsberg and Brion Gysin. There are flying dreams, erotic suitcase-packing dreams, dreams of being bullied by men in uniforms. There is a place he refers to as the Land of the Dead, which, like Interzone, seems to be a conglomeration of many cities.
The story concerns an advertising executive, Harry Joy, who briefly 'dies' of a heart attack. On being resuscitated, he realizes that the life he has previously drifted aimiably through is in fact Hell. Redemption comes in the form of Honey Barbara - pantheist, healer, whore. But Harry must die for a second time to be truly saved.
When Hendra was 14, he had an affair with a married woman. She took him to Quarr Abbey, a monastery on the Isle of Wight off the coast of England. A "cartoonish" monk, Father Joseph Warrilow, instead treated him kindly. Hendra fell in love with Quarr and decided to become a monk.
Fletch has only been at the News-Tribune as a junior reporter for a short time. Frank is losing respect for his new employee. When Fletch is to run the story of local lawyer Donald Habeck, who requests an interview in order to announce that he is giving 5 million dollars to a local museum, the lawyer turns up dead. Unsurprisingly Frank takes FletCh off the story and gives it to an experienced reporter who has been with the paper for years.
The title is Beckett's literal translation of the French phrase, comment c'est. It is a pun on the French verb commencer or 'to begin' The text is divided into three parts: 1. "before Pim" - the solitary narrator journeys in the mud-dark until he encounters another creature like himself thereby forming a "couple" 2. "with Pim", the narrator is motionless until he is abandoned by Pim. 3. "after Pim," the narrator returns to his earlier solitude but without motion.
Darcy Deeton is a twelve-year-old girl who loves her older brother, David. After becoming jealous when he falls in love with Jayne Evans, Darcy inadvertently leads David to his death. The Deetons decide to donate David's most important organ, his heart. Darcy is so guilt-ridden about his death that she is determined to find the person who has his heart so she can find some closure.
Serge follows the suitcase containing five million up the coast of Florida to Tampa. Along for the ride are City and Country, two girls from Alabama who are on the run after an incident in a bar bathroom. There is also a gangster named Fiddlebottom who changed his name to the more menacing "Zargoza"
The novel skips forward eight years and over the previous novels in the series to 1996. The year is 1996. At long last, Serge A. Storms has been captured. He is committed to the psychiatric hospital at Chattahoochee, where he patiently tries to explain his views.
The book takes place mainly in the Florida Keys, where Serge heads to "reinvent himself" After flirting with becoming the next Jimmy Buffett , he finally decides to marry. The regulars at the No Name Pub are vexed by Gaskin Fussels, an obnoxious rich loudmouth who flies down to the Keys every weekend.
In the not-too-distant future, a cold war threatens to turn hot. Colonization of Mars seems to be mankind's only hope of surviving certain Armageddon. To facilitate this, the American government begins a cyborg program to create a being capable of surviving the harsh Martian environment.
Four Polish scientists and a private detective become "Flame Breathers" and die. A car and a plane set speed records and are destroyed, the driver, pilot, and a reporter, killed. Two gangs, each backed by a financier, fight for control of a secret process, discovered by the four scientists.
The Unexpurgated Diary of Anaïs Nin reveals that the two were also having an affair. Nin was under the analysis of Otto Rank during the period of writing House of Incest. Rank was an early disciple of Freud, serving as the secretary and youngest member of his Vienna group.
The Deep Blue Good-by introduces readers to McGee, his place of residence, the Busted Flush. McGee works when he has to, almost always only taking jobs when his supply of money is low. Another feature of the McGee series is the seemingly unending parade of colorful and invariably evil villains whom McGee must contend with.
The book covers the fall of an empire to the south of the Five Kingdoms, the land of the first novel. The empire of Jehanglan is sustained by the Phoenix dynasty, which draws its power from a phoenix trapped a thousand years ago. On discovering that one of their cousins is trapped, Linden Rathan and his soultwin, Maurynna Kyrissaean, lead a party to rescue him.
First three chapters of The War in the Air relate details of Bert Smallways and his extended family in Bun Hill, in the countryside south of London. German aerial forces attempt to seize control of the air before the Americans build a large-scale aerial navy. The Germans are unaware that the Chinese and Japanese have also been building a massive air force.
Indiana Jones is called to London to recover an ancient alchemist's manuscript. The manuscript is supposed to contain the formula both for creating gold from lead and also granting eternal life. Indy, along with the alchemy's beautiful sister, travels to Rome, and straight into the hands of Mussolini's fascists.
"Charlie" is the alias of the adolescent narrator of the novel, who is about to begin his first year of high school. The novel is presented through letters that Charlie writes to an anonymous friend, whom he hears girls at school talk about fondly. Charlie grows a lot during the story and learns how to participate in life.
A poor Hawaiian man buys a strange bottle from a sad, elderly gentleman who credits the bottle with his fortune. The bottle was said to have been brought to Earth by the Devil and first purchased by Prester John for millions of dollars. If an owner of the bottle dies without having sold it in the prescribed manner, that person's soul will burn.
Billy Vogelin Starr returns to his beloved New Mexico after having spent the previous nine months at a school in the East. His grandfather, John Vogelin, is driving Billy back to his Box V Ranch after picking him up in El Paso. Three men are looking for a wayward pony when they come across a sick calf.
The book is written as a series of different events, almost none of them related. Most of the story is set in a western Pennsylvania town called Powhattan. Abbey also introduces the only major gay character in any of his eight novels. There are many hints of the greatness Abbey would fine tune in his later works.
This book is the story of a cowboy who refuses to join modern society. Jack Burns lives as a transient worker and roaming ranch hand much as the cowboys of old did. When his friend Paul Bondi is jailed for refusing to register for the draft, Burns deliberately gets himself arrested in an attempt to break his friend out of jail.
Mary Mary, a detective sergeant from Basingstoke is being transferred to Reading. She hopes to be paired up with Detective Chief Humpty Dumpty's wife. Doctor Quatt shows Jack and Mary her latest experiment: a kitten's head sewn onto the body of a haddock. The rooms become strange and it starts to revolve.
Kunstler's premise is that "cheap, plentiful" oil is the foundation of industrial society. As petroleum sources become scarce, environmentally harmful or risky technologies such as coal and nuclear will become necessary but not sufficient for our energy needs. Kunstler suggests that governments will be incapable of managing these problems.
The Zahir means 'the obvious' or 'conspicuous' in Arabic. The story revolves around the life of the narrator, a bestselling novelist, and in particular his search for his missing wife, Esther. The novel is a journey from a stagnant marriage and love to the realization of unseen but ever increasing attraction between two souls.
Twenty years prior to the novel's events, Adam and his two best friends failed to come home after playing in the familiar woods bordering their Irish housing estate. A search is called by the families, and the police find Adam shivering. The plot of the novel circles around the murder of a twelve year old girl, Katy Devlin, whose case Rob and his partner Cassie Maddox are given to investigate.
Inspector Rogas is the protagonist of the novel. He is assigned to solve the murder of two judges. He finds his likely suspect in Cres, a man who was convicted of attempting to kill his wife. The book ends with Rogas being blamed for the death of the Secretary-General.
The book begins in "the final quarter of the twentieth century," at a year never specified. It revolves around a family of deposed European royalty living in a small house outside of Seattle. Leigh-Cheri meets Bernard Mickey Wrangle, an outlaw bomber known as the Woodpecker.
The book takes its title from Habakkuk 3:19, "The Lord God is my strength, and he will make my feet like hinds' feet" It is an allegory of a Christian devotional life from salvation through maturity. It aims to show how a Christian is transformed from unbeliever to immature believer.
Hudibras and his squire come upon some people bear-baiting. After deciding that this is anti-Christian they attack the baiters and capture one. The defeated group of bear-baiters then rallies and renews the attack, capturing the knight and hissquire. While in the stock the pair argue on religion. Part two describes how the knight's imprisoned condition is reported by Fame to a widow Hudibras has been wooing.
Charles Spearman is credited for inventing factor analysis in the early 20th century. Spearman gave the name g to the common factor underlying all mental tasks. He suggested that g reflected individual differences in "mental energy" The g factor can be derived from a correlation matrix of mental ability tests by many different methods of factor analysis.
In the novel, the manuscript of the Alexiad, which Anna had worked upon in the library at Constantinople, is brought to her to continue at the convent. In history, she didn't start writing until she arrived.  In the novel the manuscript is brought back to her.
Sittaford is a tiny village on the fringe of Dartmoor. Mrs Willett and her daughter Violet are the newly installed tenants. They invite four people to tea on Friday afternoon. After four days of snow, there is already a thick layer of snow on the ground. Further heavy snowfall is forecast for later that evening.
At first it appears to be the autobiography of Harry Hubbard, which is made up of anecdotes of his life and actions with the CIA. It raises basic questions about the fight against Communism and goes into the Cuban Revolution and the Cuban Missle Crisis. Well written it is considered by some to be Mailer's masterpiece work.
Scientology poses as a religion but is really a ruthless global scam - and aiming for the mainstream. The article reported on the founding of the Church of Scientology by L. Ron Hubbard and controversies involving the Church and its affiliated business operations. It also discussed the suicide of a Scientologist who had taken a series of Scientology courses.
Hornby delves into what makes music catchy or classic, and how it can come to play an integral role in a person's emotional life. Proceeds from the book go to the TreeHouse Trust, a UK charity operating a school for children with autism and communications disorders, which Hornby's son attends.
Ludlum left the reader wondering if it was he himself, not Peter Chancellor, the protagonist of his story, who knew of the conspiracy. Inver Brass in the novel, decide that someone else may also know too much. This sets the stage for the international intrigue that follows.
The novel is set at a British army base in Singapore during the Malayan Emergency. The core of the plot is the romantic triangle formed by the protagonist, a conscripted soldier named Private Brigg. The novel crystallizes around violent incidents involving rioting in the city and an attack by Communist guerillas on a train.
Joe Cube is a high tech executive waiting for his company's IPO. Joe is suddenly contacted by a woman from the fourth dimension she calls the All. Momo has a business proposition for Joe that she won't let him refuse. The plot gets complicated when the Wackles kill Momo.
The Rukh is a 4-kilometer-long, bizarre sting-ray-shaped creature that "swims" through Saturn's gaseous upper atmosphere. When part of their apparatus is swallowed by one of these giant birdlike beings, the crew needs to find a way to communicate.
The story begins with Alice busily talking to herself as she continuously tries to thread a needle through. In the end, she awakes to find that not more than a few seconds have gone by and that it was all just a dream Alice is cushioned by a haystack when she falls to the ground. When she emerges, she hears a distant call for "'elp"
The main Jewish army was the Haganah, however the Stern Gang and Irgun were other Jewish militant groups. Both the Arab and Jewish armies suffered major shortcomings in ammunition and manpower. In the end, the Arab states' lack of cooperation led to their downfall. Today, this day is celebrated as Yom Ha'atzmaut, or Israeli Independence Day.
In the early 21st century, astronomers detect what appears to be a distant gamma-ray burster, a black hole engulfing another star many light years away. Only 13 hours later, a second burster appears, which, given the great distance between stars, would be impossible. Eventually, the astronomers realize that the black hole, rather than being incredibly far from us, is actually heading towards our own solar system, and moving our way at considerable speed. Stranger still, it seems to be moving under its own will; it is an intelligent being itself.
Slipper-on-the-Water is a Minnipin village in the Land Between the Mountains. It is home to the Periods, descendants of Fooley the Balloonist. The Periods have a "Council of Periods" that rules the village. The winning village will win the most valuable thing in the valley: The Gammage Cup.
The story is told by the 10-year-old protagonist, Johnny Briggs, who receives an army of toy nutcracker men from his father, a toymaker. The battles that take place during the first World War seem eerily similar to the battles that Johnny enacts. A main theme of the book is the pointlessness and irrationality of war. The book comes to a close when Johnny stops playing with his nutcrackers and brings them together for the Christmas Truce.
Anais Nin and June Miller met in 1931. Nin pursues an extremely intense, ambiguous, sexually charged friendship with her. When June leaves Nin becomes involved with Henry, and begins an uninhibited sexual and emotional affair with him. A friendship is formed between the two that was maintained throughout both artist's lives.
Said's world revolves around Nabawiyya, his former wife, and Sana', his daughter. Central to the making of Said Mahran is also Ra'uf 'Ilwan, his one-time criminal mentor. These perceived betrayals throw the protagonist into the utmost confusion.
The story picks up where the epilogue of Relic left off. Two headless skeletons are found in the Humboldt Kill. When further decapitated bodies follow, there is suspicion of a second Mbwun monster. Major characters from the original book team up with new ones to solve the puzzle.
The chapter opens with Edith fleeing back to the picnic area while Miranda, Irma, and Marion push on. A woman suddenly appears climbing the rock in her underwear shouting, "Through!" and then faints. Miranda loosens the woman's corset to help revive her. Afterwards, the girls remove their own corsets and throw them off the cliff.
The Riddle-Master of the title is Morgon, the Prince of Hed, a small, simple island populated by farmers and swineherds. He has three stars on his forehead, which no one has been able to explain. As the book opens, his sister, Tristan, discovers that he is keeping a crown hidden under his bed.
The plot involves a supposed curse on the Dain family, said to inflict sudden and violent deaths upon those in their vicinity. The detective untangles a web of robberies, lies and murder. Gabrielle Leggett is also involved in a mysterious religious cult and is addicted to drugs. The Continental Op protects Gabrielle and helps her recover from her morphine addiction.
Aurora is the daughter of a Tuscan mother and an English father. Her mother died when she was four, leaving her father to raise her. He was a scholar, and imparted to her knowledge of Greek and Latin. Her cousin, Romney Leigh, proposes marriage to her.
Lolla-Wossiky, a troubled, one-eyed, whiskey "Red", leaves General Harrison's fort and heads north in order to find his "dream beast", the spirit that can save him from the pain of his memories. On his journey, he meets Alvin Miller and assists him in making an ethical decision that will shape his life forever. In appreciation, Alvin heals Lolla- Wossiky painful memories, allowing him to give up alcohol and become in touch with the land once again.
Mr. Pye travels to the Channel Island of Sark to awaken a love of God in all the islanders. His landlady on the island, Miss Dredger, quickly becomes a devout follower of his teachings. As Pye does good works he gradually feels a stinging feeling on his back. On further investigation he discovers that he has started to grow angel's wings.
Invalids follows Switters, our wheelchair-using protagonist, across four continents, in and out of love and danger. The title of the novel comes from Arthur Rimbaud's A Season in Hell, in which he daydreams about becoming one of "... ces féroces infirmes retour des pays chauds"
Hercule Poirot solves the case in twenty-four hours, even though he has no way of even proving whether it was murder. Their stepmother, Mrs. Boynton, is a sadistic tyrant who dominates all the younger members of her family, and who attracts the strong dislike of a group of people outside the immediate family.
Jon Snow is elected the 998th Lord Commander of the Night's Watch. Tyrion is kidnapped by Jorah Mormont, who intends to deliver him to Daenerys in appeasement. In the North, King Stannis Baratheon has installed himself at the Wall and attempts to win the support of the northmen.
Delisle arrives in Pyongyang, bringing, in addition to the items that he was authorized to bring into the country, a copy of George Orwell's Nineteen Eighty-Four. Delisle encounters former colleagues working at SEK Studio on an adaptation of Corto Maltese comics. He also meets foreign diplomats, NGO workers in the World Food Programme, and businessmen, such as French engineers installing an HDTV transmitter.
In the opening scenes, in the Gaulish village inhabited by Asterix and his friends Chief Vitalstatistix is trying to give a speech. Cacofonix insists on singing, to the point that Watziznehm jumps off the carpet in horror. The Gauls arrive in India with exactly 30 hours, 30 minutes and 30 seconds left to save Orinjade.
Unlike its predecessor, Firefox Down did not become a feature film. As with the first novel, the book focuses on the efforts of Mitchell Gant to steal the fictional prototype MiG-31 Firefox Soviet aircraft. Dmitri Priabin has an expanded role in its sequel; his lover has been working for the Americans under the codename Burgoyne.
The book follows a girl named Annie. She loves running and drawing, as well as her relationships with her best friend Max, her grandfather and the imminent birth of her brother, Joey. Annie is going through a lot in her life and running seems to help her with all the changes going on.
The novel is set in the 1820s in the town of Palmyra, New York, near Rochester, located on the Erie Canal. The book is constructed around a single plot device, a case that a Dr. David Little reported to the Albany County Medical Society. The chief protagonist is a young doctor, Horace Amlie.
The story revolves around a supercomputer being built in a secret government lab working on a project called Trinity. David Tennant, the ethical caretaker, discovers that he had been killed for his refusal to accept the ultimate project's aim, a merger of the human mind and the machine. Tennant suffers from a series of regression episodes, which are considered to be seizures by his doctor.
William Queen was a nearly 20-year ATF veteran as well as a motorcycle enthusiast. In 1998, a confidential informant contacted Queen's superiors, offering to help place an agent inside the San Fernando Valley chapter of the Mongols. Queen's work was soon to become the most extensive undercover operation into a motorcycle gang in the history of American law enforcement.
The focus of the novel centers around the growth of the company Event Horizon, founded by Julia's grandfather Philip Evans. Beset by industrial saboteurs, the company seeks help in the form of ex-military Mindstar Brigade turned private detective Greg Mandel. The company is leading the way in rebuilding a 21st century England after the People's Socialist Party had first crushed the country.
The film is about a young girl named Amy Goodenough who is captured by a band of pirates. James Bond is back at Eton where he is now a member of a secret risk-taking club known as the Danger Society. He learns of the tragedy that took place on the Goodenough's yacht from his friend, Mark Goodenough, Amy's brother.
Carruthers, a minor official in the Foreign Office is contacted by an acquaintance, Davies, asking him to join in a yachting holiday in the Baltic Sea. He arrives to find that Davies has a small sailing boat , not the comfortable crewed yacht that he expected. Davies gradually reveals that he suspects that the Germans are undertaking something sinister in the German Frisian islands.
Edmund Narraway returns to his family home, an old rectory in the north of England. He immediately finds himself fascinated by Otto's daughter, his own niece. One by one, each character in the house manages to enveigle Edmund in a series of confessions, exposés and almost farcical in flagrante delicto discoveries.
The day after Peter Leverett met his old friend Mason Flagg in Italy, Mason was found dead. The hours leading up to his death were a nightmare for Peter - both in their violence and in their maddening unreality. The events were ignited by a conflict between Flagg and a self-destructive painter.
Nothing but the Truth is a documentary novel by Avi Avi. It is the story of Philip Malloy, a ninth-grader at Harrison High School in Harrison, New Hampshire. Philip is suspended from school by the school's vice principal for being "patriotic" The school tries to respond, going through sequential levels of bureaucracy until its statement has become half-truth.
The story takes place during Japan's great civil war Sengoku period, beginning in the summer of 1581 and ending two years later. In the anime, the historical warlord Oda Nobunaga is really an evil demon killing everyone who stand in his way. The story follows Kasumi no Ayanosuke, a young kunoichi who has escaped her village's annihilation.
Steerpike is the son of Lord Sepulchrave and the daughter of the Countess of Gormenghast. Nannie Slagg is an ancient, tiny woman who serves as the nurse for the infant Titus and Fuchsia before him. Keda comes to live in the castle for a time helping to raise Titus.
This book gives the history of the Zodiac killer who was active in the 1960s and 70s in California. It describes the investigations of the many law enforcement branches that worked on the case. The book eventually cites two possible suspects and details some of the circumstantial evidence against them.
Wisconsin photographer and housewife Beth Cappadora leaves her youngest son, Ben, alone with his older brother for a brief moment in a crowded Chicago hotel lobby. The older son lets go of Ben's hand and Ben vanishes without a trace. Nine years later a young boy named Sam asks Beth if she needs the lawn mowed. Beth suspects that this boy who lives with his "father" two blocks away is in fact her lost son.
Ralph becomes agitated at his family for letting his younger siblings and cousins ride his motorcycle. Ralph has befriended a young boy named Ryan, the son of the inn's new maid. Ryan has given Ralph the full name of "Ralph S. Mouse," the middle initial standing for "Smart"
The novel begins shortly after the mysterious disappearance of Dr. Rowan Mayfair, recently married to contractor Michael Curry. Michael, feeling betrayed by Rowan, has sunk into a depression helped along by the useless drugs prescribed to him after his close encounter with death. Along comes the sexually adventurous teenager and powerful witch and Rowan's cousin sharing lines of descent from Julien.
Born in 1913, Bulosan recounts his boyhood in the Philippines. He recounted how he immigrated to America in 1930. He retells the struggles, prejudice, and injustice he and other Filipinos had endured in the United States. These included his experiences as a migrant and laborer in the rural West.
Much like Adolf Hitler and his rise to power in real-life 1930s Germany, an antagonist named Jake Featherston rides a fascist wave to power. The Americans seem to care little about the activities of the Confederates until it is too late. It seems the road is leading the U.S. and C.A. toward a fourth war.
The novel is set in Ireland in the era of political upheaval between the 1916 Easter Rising and the eventual truce signed with the United Kingdom in 1921. It is seen through the eyes of young Henry Smart, from his childhood to early twenties. Henry becomes personally acquainted with several historical characters, including Patrick Pearse, James Connolly and Michael Collins.
The Secret Life of Bees tells the story of 14-year-old Lily Melissa Owens, who is in search of her mother's past. T.Ray Owens is the father of Lily and the widower of Deborah Fontanel-Owens. Rosaleen Daise is Lily's best friend for most of the book.
Mizoguchi is the son of a consumptive Buddhist priest. Throughout his childhood he is assured by his father that the Golden Pavilion is the most beautiful building in the world. After his father's death, Mizoguchi becomes an acolyte at the temple. He is disappointed by the end of the war and the Emperor's renunciation of divinity.
The book is a collection of nine short stories telling the tale of three generations of a family before, during, and after a technological singularity. Originally written as a series of novelettes and novellas, all published in Asimov's Science Fiction magazine in the period 2001 to 2004.
The story of The Third Eye begins in Tibet during the reign of the 13th Dalai Lama, Thubten Gyatso. Tuesday Rampa, the son of a Lhasa aristocrat, takes up theological studies and is soon recognised for his prodigious abilities. As he enters adolescence, the young Rampa undertakes increasingly challenging feats until he is recognised as a crucial asset to the future of an independent Tibet.
The story is set in post-apocalyptic Australia, around a city called the Tert. There, a bounty hunter/bodyguard named Parrish Plessis has ended up working for a ganglord. She wants out, and her answer arrives in the form of two men wanted in connection with the killing of a journalist.
Bev Jones is a novella about the death of his wife. She was in a hospital when it caught fire. As the firemen's union was striking, the hospital burned to the ground. Bev is sentenced to re-education at a state institution, which is neither a prison nor a psychiatric hospital, but contains elements of both.
Francie's mother is frequently abused both verbally and physically by her husband, a bitter alcoholic. Francie seems largely unaware of the trouble at home, and spends the early part of the book in the company of his best friend. When Francie is attacked by Mrs. Nugent's brother, Buttsy, and his friend Devlin, Joe disowns him.
'The Dead School' is a novel by Patrick McCabe. Set in small-town Ireland, it tells the story of two interacting characters: Raphael Bell, an old schoolmaster, and Malachy Dudgeon, a young teacher. Both of the main characters had troubled childhoods. The intertwining of the two results in the destruction of Raphael and the dramatic change of Malachy.
Patrick "Pussy" Braden's escape from fictional Irish town of Tyreelin and a drunk foster mother. Bad luck surrounds her until she finds temporary contentment with a married politician who acts as a sugar daddy. The latter is killed by either the IRA or the Ulster Defence Volunteers, leaving Braden alone once again.
The book focuses on the life of Gullytown homeboy Pat McNab, the village idiot. The alternately adoring and criticizing attention by his mother, Maimie and the total abusiveness of his father finally send him over the edge. The title "Emerald Germs of Ireland" is similar to Patrick McCabes The Butcher Boy.
A clergyman dies at a dinner party thrown by stage actor Sir Charles Cartwright. It is thought by nearly everyone to be an accidental death. Shortly afterwards, a second death in suspiciously similar circumstances. This puts Poirot and a team of sleuths on the trail of a poisoner.
Bobby Jones, the son of the vicar of the Welsh seaside town of Marchbolt, is playing a game of golf with a friend. He chips the ball over a cliff edge and when he goes to look for the ball the dead man is identified as Alex Pritchard. He introduces himself as Roger Bassington-ffrench and offers to stay with the body.
Dr. Erich Leidner and Miss Johnson were killed by Frederick Bosner. Bosner traded identities with the dead man. Fifteen years later, he remarried his wife who did not recognize him. Nurse Leatheran was poisoned by hydrochloric acid in her nightstand.
Emily Arundell writes to Hercule Poirot because she believes she has been the victim of attempted murder. However, unfortunately this letter is delayed and whenPoirot receives it, she is dead. Her doctor discovers a nail covered with varnish and a small string tied to it. Before her death Emily had said something about Bob...dog...picture...ajar.
Simeon Lee was a methodical and vengeful man. Poirot's investigation explores the way that these characteristics come out in his children. The final major clue is dropped by Pilar, who while playing with balloons, lets slip that what she found on the floor must also have been a balloon.
Prince Pompadore of Pumperdink's eighteenth birthday cake explodes, revealing a magic scroll. The scroll warns the prince that if the he doesn't wed a "proper princess" within seven days, his entire kingdom will disappear. The prince, along with the kingdom's wise elephant Kabumpo, set off on an adventure to the Emerald City so Pompa can marry Princess Ozma.
In 2009, humans make contact with their first extraterrestrials on 1999 ZX, a celestial body between comet and planet in size, out in the Kuiper belt at 35 AU from the Sun. Twenty years later they send a scientific team to this small, ice-bound planetoid in the farthest reaches of the solar system in the Oort cloud. This cold, dark planetoid ends up being a strange world indeed.
The novel tells the struggle and survival of an abused wife named Paula Spencer. It is narrated by the victim. The narrative blends her recounting of the circumstances of her childhood, courtship and wedding day, with reflections on those events. The gathering drama is linked to the increasing awareness of moving towards a climax.
Running with Scissors is a novel about the life of William Burroughs. It covers the period from the age of 12 to age 25. The author is sent to live with his mother's psychiatrist, Dr. Finch. The Finch house is a parallel universe to the home he came from. The dysfunctional issues that occur in the Finch family are outdone by the psychotic episodes frequently experienced by Burrough's mother.
Thidwick, a moose in a herd numbering approximately 60 who subsist mainly on moose-moss and live on the northern shore of Lake Winna-Bango, grants a small bug's request to ride on his antlers free of charge. The bug takes advantage of the moose's kindness and settles in as a permanent resident, inviting various other animals to live on and in themoose's antlers. When one of the guests - a woodpecker - begins drilling holes in Thidwick's horns, the other moose give him an ultimatum: Get rid of his guests or leave the herd.
At Swim, Two Boys tells the love story of two young Irish men. Set in Dublin before and during the 1916 Easter Rising. Jim Mack and Doyler Doyle go to school on a scholarship. In a year they will swim to the distant island of Muglins Rock and claim it for themselves.
Karsten Bernick is the dominant businessman in a small coastal town in Norway. He is planning his most ambitious project yet, backing a railway which will connect the town to the main line. Suddenly his past explodes on him. Johan Tønnesen, his wife's younger brother comes back from America to the town he ran away from 15 years ago.
Liza Winthrop first meets Annie Kenyon at the Metropolitan Museum of Art. The two become fast friends, although they come from different backgrounds. Liza soon realizes that although she has always considered herself different, she has not considered her sexual orientation until falling in love with Annie. The book is framed and narrated by Liza's thoughts as she attempts to write Annie a letter.
The play is set in an apartment on the Upper East Side of Manhattan. The backgrounds of characters are discovered during a birthday party. During the party, one humor takes a nasty turn, as the nine men become increasingly inebriated. The party culminates in a game, where each man must call someone and tell him he loves him.
At first male, the narrator explains events from his early childhood, living with a traveling family. He then travels to Portugal, where he, on his eighteenth birthday, wakes up as a female. Surprisingly unfazed by her transformation, she begins university back in the fictional Roetown.
The eleven chapters of the novel are labelled from January 1895 to October 1899. It depicts the American-born writer Henry James in the final years of the 19th century. Henry resolves to reduce his public life by buying a house in Rye. There he nurses his loneliness and is haunted by all the consequences his need to maintain a protected space in which to live and write.
The Pentamerone is structured around a fantastic frame story in which fifty stories are related over the course of five days rather than the ten of the Tuscan compendium. The frame-story is that of a cursed, melancholy princess named Zoza. She cannot laugh, whatever her father does to amuse her, so he sets up a fountain of oil by the door, thinking people slipping in the oil would make her laugh.
The play is set in 1780s England. Frank Humber proposes marriage to the widow Mrs. Peverel, whose son is tutored by Guy Domville. Guy is later about to wed Mary Brasier, but she really loves Lieutenant George Round. Guy refuses to go through with the marriage and instead helps Mary and George elope.
Disgraced TV presenter Martin Sharp, the lonely housewife Maureen , the unsuccessful musician JJ and the rude teenager Jess meet at Topper's House in London at New Year's Eve. They all want to commit suicide by jumping from a building. Martin, Maureen and JJ don't like the idea and they try to convince Jess out of talking to the press.
Luke Fitzwilliam shares a London bound train carriage with Miss Pinkerton. She talks to him about a series of murders-disguised as accidents-taking place in her home village of Wychwood-under-Ashe. She says that although the local police are out of their depth, she knows the identity of the murderer because of a telling gaze that this person fixes on the intended victim.
Body identified as Ruby Keene, an 18 year old dancer who worked at a hotel called the Majestic in Danemouth. Despite her appearance, she died a virgin. Conway Jefferson had a wife, a son, and a daughter all of whom were killed in a plane crash.
Lady Tressilian invites several guests into her seaside home of Gull's Point. Tennis star Nevile Strange incurs her displeasure by bringing both his new wife, Kay, and his ex-wife, Audrey. But events soon become sinister when Lady Tressian is killed.
One year ago on 2 November, seven people sat down to dinner at the restaurant "Luxembourg" One of them, Rosemary Barton, never got up. She was thought to have committed suicide due to post-flu depression. Her husband, George Barton, received anonymous letters saying that Rosemary did not kill herself but was murdered.
James Parker Pyne is a retired government employee who considers himself to be a "detective of the heart" He works alongside his secretary Miss Lemon, novelist Ariadne Oliver, handsome "lounge lizard" Claude Luttrell and disguise artist Madeleine de Sara. The first six stories deal with Pyne solving cases in England, while the second six stories detail Pyne's vacation.
The novel tells the story of Eamon Redmond, a judge in the Irish High Court of the late twentieth century Ireland. The novel also plots the development of Fianna Fáil from the austere republicanism of Éamon de Valera to the nepotism of the Charles Haughey era. It has been said that this novel made Tóibín the heir of John McGahern.
The film follows the lives of Frankie, a heroin user and prostitute who is trying to hide from a vengeful pimp. Frankie narrowly escapes disaster in the Baltimore Zoo and begins a trek out of the cities and into the country. The film is set in a world where zombies are not occupied by their original selves but instead a different evil entity with the possession of the host body's memories and personalities.
Quentin Durward was one of the Scottish body guard maintained by Louis XI. He learned the history of Jacqueline. In the chase which followed Durward saved the king's life from a boar. He was charged with abetting rebellion among the vassals of Burgundy.
Dove had no education because his father had not wanted to. He got his education from the hoboes who hung around the Santa Fe tracks, telling one another what towns, lawmen, jails, and railroad bulls to avoid. Dove worked as a painter on a steamship, fooled a prostitute who was trying to rob him, and seduced the women to whom he was selling.
This fictional story is set during The Great Depression and follows the career of Carl Webster. The novel is full of grade-A action and violence perpetrated through criminals, lawmen, Tommy guns, bank robberies, hot cars, all falling against the backdrop of Prohibition. Real life contemporary Bank robbers who make an appearance in the novel include Bonnie and Clyde, Pretty Boy Floyd, Machine Gun Kelly, John Dillinger and Baby Face Nelson.
Inspector French tracks down the conspirators, nearly losing his life in a heroic final action to prevent their escape. Set during World War II, a network of German secret agents plans to derail a train carrying vital war supplies. Due to a delay another train is derailed instead, the intended one then being diverted safely round the blockage.
Dumbledore and Harry fight off Voldemort's Inferi, an army of re-animated corpses. They take the Horcrux, Slytherin's locket, and return to Hogwarts as quickly as possible. Snape makes an Unbreakable Vow to Narcissa Malfoy, promising to assist and protect Draco.
Azriel is telling the story of his transformation into and subsequent existence as an immortal genii who is forced to obey the Master who calls him. After many centuries of rest, Azriel finds himself awake and in New York City, a dazed witness to the murder of a young woman, Esther Belkin. He becomes inexplicably obsessed with the desire to avenge her death and to find out who called him into the physical world.
Cleopatra, Queen of Egypt, and Julius Caesar make a wager. Caesar promises to build a new palace in Alexandria within three months. Cleopatra summons Edifis, who claims to be the best architect in Egypt. She promises him that if he builds the palace on time he will be covered with gold. If he fails, he'll be a meal for the sacred crocodiles.
Kushiel's Chosen is the first book in the Kushiel's Legacy trilogy. It is the story of Comtesse Phèdre nó Delaunay and her quest to find out how Melisande Shahrizai has taken over La Serenissima.
Comtesse Phèdre nó Delaunay de Montrève is contacted by her former lover and rival, Melisande Shahrizai, to find her son Imriel de la Courcel. The Prince finds out that Imriel had been abducted by slavers along with a couple other Siovalese children. In Menekhet she learns that the dangerous bone-priests, the Skotophagoti, control death itself and worship an evil
In 1450, Vittorio di Raniari is a sixteen-year-old Italian nobleman. His family is murdered by a powerful and ancient coven of vampires. After refusing the dark gift, the vampires do not kill him, but rather leave him in a village. With the help of his own angels, and a very powerful armor wearing angel, Mastema, he plots his revenge against the vampires.
The book is about a person Bill Mor who became complicated with his feelings. Mor was married and had two children, Donald and Felicity. He dreamt about a career of candidate. At his friends` dinner he got acquainted with Rain Carter, a young painter who depicted a portrait of Demoyte, former school director.
The film is based on the true story of a British engineer and the wreck of his yacht. The film is about Keith Stewart, who travels to the island where the wreck is located. He plans to ship the engine back to Britain and The diamonds are "discovered" by Keith in the oil in the engine's sump.
Valancy Stirling is diagnosed with a terminal heart ailment. She decides to move out of her mother's house and take a position as a housekeeper for a friend of hers. Cissy confides in Valancy about the man she fell in love with. Barney saves Valancy in the nick of time, risking his own life to do so.
Jo, Bessie and Fanny move to the country and find an Enchanted Wood right on their doorstep. In the wood stands the magic Faraway Tree, which is home to the magical characters that soon become their new friends. Together they visit the strange lands which lie at the top of the tree and have exciting adventures.
Billy Singer is the galaxy's most skilled hunter. He is asked to use his skill to protect an important political mission. Billy must seek the telepathic creature only known as "Cat" Cat agrees to help on the condition that, once the mission is over, he be given the chance to hunt his former captor.
The will of Fred Cassidy's cryogenically-frozen uncle provides him with a generous stipend to attend the university until he is awarded an academic degree. The star-stone, Speicus, is inside Fred, having entered his body through a wound while Fred was asleep. Fred chases a telepathic alien disguised as a black cat up to the roof and over girders of a building.
Talia returns to Haven as Queen's Own Herald in right. In her absence, the Council of Valdemar has been considering an offer of an alliance marriage between Princess Elspeth and the Prince of Hardorn. Meanwhile, the budding lifebond between Talia and Herald Dirk is frustrated due to a misunderstanding - Dirk thinks Talia is in love with his best friend.
Asterix and Obelix are a pair of Gauls who fall in love with Panacea. They enlist in the Roman army and end up training with Hemispheric, a Goth, Selectivemploymentax, a Briton; Gastronomix, a Belgian; Neveratalos, a Greek; and Ptenisnet, an Egyptian tourist. After completing training , the newly formed unit sets off as reinforcements to Caesar who is fighting a losing campaign.
Author clearly parallels Nora's strength and inability to be controlled with Lan Ping's strong personality and need to be in control. Lan Ping met Mao as the leading actress in patriotic plays. They meet frequently and finally become lovers. Mao begins to lead a totally separate life with lots of traveling and Mao has many affairs, especially bringing young virgins in from the countryside for his pleasure.
The story is based on a traditional Chinese folk tale of a fox that borrows the terror of a tiger. Donaldson was unable to think of rhymes for "tiger" so invented one for "know" instead. The protagonist of The Gruffalo is a mouse.
Darren Shan is the main protagonist of the last adventure. He still refuses to drink human blood and hates his companion, Mr. Crepsley, for turning him into a half vampire which has led him to faking his own death. His unchallenged strength causes him to be alone, as he can not make any human friends without harming them.
Set in 1955, the novel focuses on the hopes and aspirations of Frank and April Wheeler. April sees the emigration as an opportunity to escape their dull environment. Frank&#39;s plans are more driven by vanity of his own intelligence. April attempts to self-abort her child, and in doing so is rushed to hospital and dies.
After four teenagers mysteriously die simultaneously in Tokyo, Kazuyuki Asakawa decides to launch his own personal investigation. His search leads him to "Hakone Pacific Land", a holiday resort where the youths were last seen together exactly one week before their deaths. Once there he happens upon a mysterious unmarked videotape. Watching the tape he witnesses a strange sequence of abstract and realistic footage that ends with the warning "You, who watched this tape, are going to die in one week from now"
The novel is set in South Africa, home to five distinct populations: Bantu , Coloured , English, Afrikaner, and Indian, Chinese, and other foreign workers. It traces the history, interaction, and conflicts between these populations, from prehistoric times up to the 1970s. Michener writes largely from the point of view of the Afrikaaners, descendants of Dutch settlers and French Huguenot immigrants.
Carmen and Wayne Colson live a quiet, suburban life. Carmen is a realtor while Wayne is an ironworker. They stumble upon an extortion plot hatched by two crooks. After Wayne forces the two away with a Sleever Bar, the criminals decide to exact vengeance on the Colsons.
The novel is primarily written from the perspective of Renisenb, a young widow. She is just reacquainting herself with her family when her father, Imhotep, brings Nofret into their lives. Suddenly everyone has a motive to kill Nofrets. Next Satipy is killed when she apparently throws herself to her death in terror from the same cliff while walking with Yahmose.
In a flashback from late Spring to early Spring, Lynn Marchmont, newly demobilised from the Women's Royal Naval Service, finds difficulty settling into the village life of Warmsley Vale. She is engaged to Rowley, one Rosaleen Hunter's fortune is jealously guarded by her brother, David Hunter. A man calling himself Enoch Arden arrives in the village. He attempts to blackmail David by saying he knows how to find Rosalen's. Rowley
The film is about a group of friends who play a game of "Stick 'em up" The game ends when shots are fired into the room and the fuses are blown. The gunman is recognized by Dora Bunner as Rudi Scherz, the receptionist at a local spa.
A secret summit of superpowers is to be held in Baghdad, but it is no longer secret. A shadowy fascist group is plotting to sabotage the event. Victoria Jones discovers a dying secret British agent in her hotel room. His last words - "Lucifer...Basrah...Lefarge" - propel her into investigation.
The case of Mrs McGinty, an elderly charlady who was apparently killed by her lodger, James Bentley. Bentley is soon to be executed for the crime, but Spence does not think he is guilty. Poirot finds a newspaper from which an article has been cut out. He later discovers that the missing article is about women connected with famous murder cases.
Jane Marple and Ruth Van Rydock were friends at school in Italy. Ruth is worried that something is very wrong at Stonygates, the Victorian mansion where Carrie Louise lives. The old Victorian mansion, though owned outright by Carrie Louise, has been converted into a home for delinquent boys. Carrie Louise's husband, Lewis Mildred Strete is the only blood relative of Carrie Louise.
Murders are arranged according to the pattern of a childhood nursery rhyme, Sing a Song of Sixpence. Miss Marple discovers that the use of the rhyme in the crimes was to point the finger at an old dealing of the Blackbird Mine. Rex Fortescue was suspected of having killed his partner, MacKenzie, and swindled the mine from his partner's family.
Poirot's solution of the petty thefts is unsubtle but effective. Celia Austin quickly confesses to the pettier incidents. Nigel Chapman admits to having stolen the stethoscope in order to pose as a doctor and steal some morphine tartrate from the hospital dispensary. Nigel's mother had been poisoned, not by his father, but by Nigel himself.
Hilary Craven, a deserted wife and bereaved mother, is planning suicide in a Moroccan hotel. She is asked by British secret agent Jessop to undertake a dangerous mission as an alternative to taking an overdose of sleeping pills. The task is to impersonate a dying woman to help find the woman's husband, a nuclear scientist.
Elspeth McGillicuddy has come from Scotland to visit her old friend Jane Marple. On the way, her train passes another train running parallel to her. Then, a blind in one of the compartments flies up and she Lucy Eyelesbarrow, a young professional housekeeper and an acquaintance of Miss Marple, is sent undercover to Rutherford Hall. Lucy uses golf practice as an excuse to search the grounds. She eventually finds the woman's body hidden in a sarc
The story centers on the eco-terrorist and head of the League of Assassins, Ra's al Ghul aiding Batman in his quest to solve the murder of Harris Blaine. Batman has shared a stormy, on-again, off-again romance with Talia for many years. Talia soon becomes pregnant, and the prospect of a family has a profound effect on Batman's demeanor.
Mr. and Mrs. Edward Brookenham host an effete, rather corrupt social circle. They are the parents of worthless Harold and sweet but knowledgeable Nanda. Mr. Longdon attends one of their social functions and is amazed at how much Nanda resembles her grandmother, his long-ago love who married another man.
In 1957, Cathy Dollanganger is twelve years old and the second of four children. Their idyllic lifestyle ends when their father dies in a car accident on his 36th birthday. Facing financial destitution, Corrine decides Corrine writes letters to her mother, Olivia, pleading for shelter. Olivia agrees to let them stay on the condition that the children be kept hidden.
The book is set in the year 1756 during the French and Indian War in Guilderland, New York. Ten-year-old Edward Van Alstyne and his mother Gertrude are determined to protect their home and family with an ancient Spanish matchlock gun.
The novel is about Conrad, a young boy, who spends each Thursday afternoon with his uncle, Mr. Ringelhuth. One Thursday - it happens to be the 35th of May - they meet Negro Caballo, who is well-versed in German literature, and at the same time, is the best roller skater in the world. The plot device of a magic wardrobe through which protagonists enter magical lands anticipates similar device used by C.S. Lewis in The Lion, the Witch and the Wardrobe.
Unca Eliza Winkfield was born in Virginia, but grew up in England. She was baptized and educated in England under the Christianity under which she was baptized. When she is 18 years old, her father dies, and she is left alone. She devotes herself to God, and quickly finds a temple of the sun.
A single man adopts a son who claims he is from Mars. The adoptive father comes to be intrigued by the possibility his son might really be a Martian. The son uses a magical "Martian wish" to be a human so he can remain with his father.
The main story involves a man's maturation in a future dominated by China. The United States has undergone a Communist revolution after a period of economic crisis. His personal evolution is paralleled by four side stories in his narrative. These stories never fully interconnect in the normal manner of a novel.
Ariane Emory is one of fourteen "Specials", Union-certified geniuses. She runs Reseune with the assistance of Giraud and Denys Nye. She is also a member of the Council of Nine. Ari is several years ahead of Emory's pace and better adjusted socially.
The book is written in the form of a false document. It opens with a foreword by Meyer, who states that the manuscript was brought to his attention by a woman with some familial connection to Horace Vernet, also an ancestor of Holmes. The story involves many well-known people, including George Bernard Shaw, who hires Holmes to look into the death of an unpleasant theatre critic.
The Persian Boy is notable for its depiction of the tradition of pederasty in ancient Greece. Renault depicts the attachment as lasting until Alexander's death, when Bagoas would have been about 22. She movingly explores the tensions in the triangular relationship between Alexander and his two lovers.
Disillusioned paramedic and ex-cop Simon Brenner finds himself trapped between the front lines of two competing Emergency Medical Services in Vienna's relentless summer heat. Things turn really hot when Brenner starts looking into the unusually high death rate of elderly patients in the city.
While serving a sentence for killing his foster mother, Jacko Argyle dies in prison. Two years later, the man who could have supported Jacko's alibi suddenly turns up. The family must come to terms with the fact that one of them is the real murderer. Christie's focus in this novel is upon the psychology of innocence.
The story flashes back three months to Ramat, one of the richest countries of the Middle East, where a revolution is about to take place. Prince Ali Yusuf gives a fortune in jewels, which he needs sent out of the country. The prince's cousin and expected fiancée, Shaista, is studying at Meadowbank School.
Mark Easterbrook sees a fight between two girls in a Chelsea coffee-bar. Soon afterwards he learns that this second girl, Thomasina Tuckerton, has died. At dinner with a friend, Poppy Stirling mentions something called Mark's godmother, Lady Hesketh-Dubois, has recently died of what appear to be natural causes. He begins to fear that the list contains the names of those dead or shortly to die.
Inspector Hardcastle is fascinated by the Ramsey family. The aunt who raised her, Mrs. Lawton, is questioned by Hardcastle. Her niece's full name is Rosemary Sheila. Sheila was found dead in a telephone box on Wilbraham Crescent, strangled with her own scarf.
Jane Marple is asked by Major Palgrave to see a picture of a murderer. When she replies that she would like to hear the story, he explains. There once was a man who had a wife who tried to hang herself. The next morning a servant, Victoria Johnson, finds him dead in his room.
Poirot deduces that Norma believed herself to have committed the murder of Mary Restarick. Mary's real name was Louise Carpenter, the name of a woman with whom Poirot had been in love many years earlier. Norma has been subjected to a cocktail of drugs intended to disorient her and make her susceptible to the suggestion that she is a murderer. She is discovered by Frances Cary standing over the dead body of David Baker.
Ambitious young Michael Rogers - the narrator of the story - falls in love with Fenella Guteman the first time he sets eyes on her in the mysterious yet scenic 'Gipsy's Acre' Before long, he has both the land and the woman, but rumors are spreading of a curse hanging over the land. Not heeding the locals' warnings, the couple take up residence at the land, leading to a devastating tragedy.
Sir Stafford Nye's flight home from Malaya takes an unexpected twist. The bored diplomat is approached in an airport by a woman whose life is in danger. Unwittingly the diplomat has put his own life on the line. When he meets the mystery woman again she is a different person.
Miss Marple receives a post card from the recently deceased Mr Jason Rafiel. If she succeeds in solving the crime, she will inherit £20,000. Mr Rafiel has left her few clues, not even when or where the Michael Rafiel had written to Mrs. Glynne and her two sisters before his death.
Tommy and Tuppence move to a quiet English village, looking forward to a peaceful retirement. But, as they soon discover, their rambling old house holds secrets. Who is Mary Jordan? And why has someone left a code message in an old book about her 'unnatural' death?
Exultant is set in Baxter's "Xeelee Sequence" twenty thousand years into the Third Expansion of Mankind. The human-supremacist Interim Coalition of Governance has conquered almost the whole Milky Way &mdash. All but the alien Xeelee concentrated at the galactic core around a supermassive black hole called Chandra.
The novel follows a group of ten immortals from the ancient past to the semi-distant future. After sharing their secret of immortality to the rest of humanity, the ensuing years result in a human culture they no longer relate to or fit in with. Consequently, they create and crew a starship to explore new civilizations within the galaxy.
Zadig, a good-hearted, handsome young man from Babylonia, is in love with Sémire and they are to marry. Zadig is taken captive by a group of Arabs, from whom he learns that king Moabdar has been killed. He does not learn anything of what has become of Astarté.
Tash, Zak and their uncle Hoole are fleeing from the threat of the Imperial scientist Borborygmus Gog. There seems to be safe refuge on Nespis 8, an abandoned space station. This place also once housed a Jedi library. According to the group's ally, Deevee, the library is still there, along with the ghost of a Jedi.
The novel is set in a dystopic Toronto buffeted by a mysterious plague called sturnusemia. A schizophrenic spiritualist "of intense but undisciplined powers" accidentally sets Kurtz free from page 92 of Joseph Conrad's Heart of Darkness. Kurtz becomes head of the Parkin Psychiatric Institute and travels among the city's elites.
The story begins following the first day of Dixie Mae Leigh's job as a customer support employee at a fictional company called Lotsatech. She receives an insulting and mysterious email and, in a fit of rage, decides to find out who sent it. She and a fellow employee search the Lotsatech campus looking for the author of the email, following clues in the email header.
In Sunny Ridge, the nursing home where Tommy Beresford's Aunt Ada lives, resident Mrs. Lancaster stirs up worry among those in charge with her bizarre, disjointed ramblings about 'your poor child' and 'something behind the fireplace' Intrigued, Tuppence beresford conducts an investigation when Aunt Ada dies.
Third Echelon picks up almost a year after the first novel. The plot picks up with Sam Fisher attempting to bring to justice the members of The Shop, an international arms dealing ring. A German scientist named Jeinsen, who had defected to the United States long ago, goes missing and then reappears dead in Hong Kong.
Mendoza tells how she is snatched as a child from the Inquisition in Spain. First sold by her real parents to some 'noble Christians' who want her for pagan rites. In prison she is called Mendoza, 15 years later she returns to Spain for her first mission. She finds that the expedition leader is Joseph, the cyborg who saved her.
The King Beyond the Gate takes place a century after Legend takes place. The Drenai are under the rule of Ceska, a usurper of the throne who over time has become a mad emperor. The Joinings are horrifying werebeasts, made by merging man and animal, and the Dark Templars are priests of darkness.
The story takes place in 1827 on an isolated farm at the fictional locality of Curlow Creek in the mountains of New South Wales. The two main characters are Michael Adair, an Irish-born officer in the colonial mounted troopers, and Daniel Carney. Adair had been dispatched from Sydney to oversee Carney's hanging and he arrives at Carney's temporary prison.
The occasion for Adolf Hitler becoming anti-Semitic was a schoolboy interaction in Linz, circa 1904. Wittgenstein joined the Comintern in order to fight the growing power of the Nazis in the 1920s. He recruited fellow Apostles Guy Burgess, Kim Philby and Anthony Blunt to work for the Soviet Union.
Amos Walker's ex-wife has a new boyfriend, who she cannot find. She employs Amos Walker in the search, but the new "beau" has a secret life as a government assassin, and that is it what he has got involved in.  In this episode Walker is involved in an assassination attempt.
An exotic dancer, Ann Maringer's life is in danger, she is scared and sure someone is out to get her. Ann turns to Amos Walker the irascible private-eye from Detroit but then disappears and Walker is out. to find out what happened and where she is.
In his first year in Congress, there is an uprising in Masqat - a hostage taking. The events remind him of a man known as The Mahdi. He goes to Oman for revenge and comes back victorious. A year later, the inheritors of Inver Brass - the resurrected group of influential people - expose him.
Francis, a tomcat, moves to a new neighborhood with his owner. Francis soon finds the corpse of Sascha. Bluebeard, a deformed local cat, is convinced that humans are responsible for the death. Tomcat Deeply Purple is the next victim; while visiting the body, Francis notices that he, like Sascha, was sexually aroused before death.
In the far future, on an Earth devastated by millennia of war, the Caroline Republic is hostile towards its neighbors. To a leading politician of the Caroline the aged veteran General Toriman proposes a centuries-long scheme to build the nation. In fact, the ship will never be completed, but the effort will revitalize the nation's economy.
The play follows a group of history pupils preparing for the Oxford and Cambridge entrance examinations under the guidance of three teachers. The action of the play takes place in Cutlers' Grammar School, Sheffield, a fictional boys' grammar school in the north of England. The character of Hector was based on the schoolmaster and author Frank McEachran.
Nicholas "Nick" Twisp is a 14-year-old boy of above-average intelligence. Nick's life continues like a normal teenager's with his best friend Leroy, a.k.a. Lefty, and his divorced parents George and Estelle. Nick inherits a fortune when an elderly neighbor of Joanie takes a liking to him and decides to put him in her will.
Ralph is a mouse who lives in the run-down Mountain View Inn, a battered resort hotel in the Sierra Nevada of California. Ralph longs for a life of danger and speed, wishing to get away from his relatives, who worry about the mice colony being discovered. One day a boy named Keith Gridley and his family visit the hotel on their way through California. Keith leaves a toy motorcycle on his bedside table which interests Ralph.
The story takes place in Providence, Rhode Island and revolves around the Church of Starry Wisdom. The cult uses an ancient artifact known as the "Shining Trapezohedron" to summon a terrible being from the depths of time and space. Members of the Church would awaken the Haunter of the Dark, an avatar of Nyarlathotep, by gazing into the glowing crystal.
The narrator of Kangaroo Notebook feels an itching on his leg that seems to indicate an unusual hair loss. After battling to be seen in his local medical clinic, he enters a hospital, where a physician prescribes hot-spring therapy in Hell Valley. Hooked to a penile catheter and an IV bottle, the narrator begins a harrowing journey through the underworld.
A plastics scientist loses his face in an accident and proceeds to obtain a new face for himself. There is also a subplot following a hibakusha woman who has suffered burns to the right side of her face. In the novel, the protagonist sees this character in a film; in the film version, this is deliberately obscured.
Plot elements include submersion of the world caused by melting polar ice. Genetic creation of gilled children for the coming underwater age. A fortune-telling computer predicting the future and advising humans how to deal with it. A man is picked, apparently at random, only to be murdered before he can be programmed.
The Treasure Valley, high in the mountains of Stiria or Styria, southeastern Austria, is lost through the evil of the owners. The two elder, "Black Brothers," Hans and Schwartz, mistreat Southwest Wind, Esquire. The Golden River is one of the high mountain cataracts, that surround the Treasure Valley.
The story begins with Vitalstatistix receiving a missive from his brother Doublehelix in Lutetia. Justforkix arrives in a sports car-like chariot, and comes across as a happy-go-l. The Normans kidnap him on his "flight" home so he can teach them. Asterix and Obelix come to the rescue.
The plot follows James Bond Junior while he tries to uncover what is going on at Hazeley Hall. He and Sheelagh Smith, his "girlfriend" follow the clues of this mystery. The information is given to the Commander of the police when James is injured. The Commander ultimately gets the credit for solving the case.
James J. Kelly, a former soldier in the American military, finds out that the American and Soviet governments are about to conduct tests of a new kind of neutron bomb. Kelly decides to save the human race through an elaborate religious hoax, declaring himself to be Kalki and announcing the end of the world. His secret plan is to kill off everyone in the world except for himself and his wife Lakshmi.
The story follows a quest organized by Walker Boh, the last surviving Druid. Thirty years ago, the Elven prince Kael Elessedil led an expedition in search of a legendary magic which was said to be the most ancient and powerful in the world. The Ilse Witch, a beautiful but twisted young woman who is as practiced in magic as Walker himself.
A bear wakes up to find himself in the middle of an industrial complex. He is mistaken by the foreman for a worker and is told to get to work. To this he responds, "But I'm not a man, I'm a bear". He is then taken to each of his successive bosses, who try to convince him that he is just a "silly man"
Supercomputer Antrax was created to store data and information from its time. When the Great War broke out, the last of its creators returned, and gave Antrax its final task: protect the information at all costs, no matter what the price. Antrax then began to build its own arsenal of defence mechanisms: lasers and Creepers.
The Morgawr is a centuries-old sorcerer of unimaginable might, who feeds upon the souls of his enemies. With a fleet of airships and a crew of walking dead men at his command, he is in relentless pursuit of the Jerle Shannara. His goal is twofold: to find and control the fabled 'magic' of Parkasia, and to destroy the Ilse Witch.
Weetzie is growing up in L.A. with her mother while her father has moved to New York. She does not like school and tends to avoid making friends until she meets Dirk. Dirk and Duck secretly make a pact to get Weetzie pregnant. When My Secret Agent Lover Man learns of their plot, he walks out on them.
Oms are tiny people from Terre who have been brought by the giant Draags to their home planet, Ygam. Some Oms are domesticated as pets, but others run wild in parks, and are exterminated every 2 Draag years. The protagonist is a domesticated Om named Terr who runs away and joins a group of wild Oms.
Margaret Hale, 19, returns home from London to the idyllic southern village of Helstone. Her life is turned upside down when her father, the pastor, leaves the Church of England. Margaret finds the bustling, smoky town of Milton harsh and strange and she is upset by the poverty all around.
David, a 12-year-old, has lived in a prison camp for as long as he can remember. He must find a boat to Italy, then travel north to a free country that has a king. Along his journey, David discovers the beauty of the world and slowly he changes his behavior and the way he interacts with people.
Set in eighteenth-century Italy, Cry to Heaven focuses on two characters: peasant-born Guido Maffeo and Tonio Treschi. Guido is castrated at the age of six to preserve his soprano voice. Tonio is sent to study with Guido in Naples. Despite the fact he's a castrato, even local noblemen come to respect him.
The Marriage of Figaro picks up three years following the end of The Barber of Seville as Figaro is engaged to be married to Suzanne. In the three years since Figaro helped forge the marriage of the Count and Rosine, he has already grown bored with his marriage. The Count looks to re-engage the act of primae noctis, in which he would consummate the marriage with the bride-to-be prior to Figaro's honeymoon.
The story is set, like many Zelazny pure-SF novels, a few centuries in the future. The narrator is a Mafia assassin named Angelo di Negri. Negri's victim tells him that humanity is near extinction. Only the technology in another building can preserve the remnants.
The book is a work of historical fiction set in the late pre-Columbian age in Mexico City. It depicts the daily life of the ancient Aztec people, both the commoners and the upper classes. The novel also recounts the history and development of the Manriques, a family of Spanish nobles, and details aspects of life in 15th century Spain.
Miklos Bollok is a logging company owner who uses corrupt politicians to clear-fell the last remaining wilderness in Victoria, Australia. He is stymied by a direct action campaign by conservationists. His downfall also comes about by a dark secret that is made public by his wife.
The main character, Dr. Sandra Foster, studies fads in Boulder, Colorado. Her employer, Hi-Tek, wants to know how to predict fads, in order to take advantage of this knowledge and thus to possibly create one. The employees struggle with chaos created by the administrative assistant from Hell. Willis uses humor to come to an unsettling conclusion.
The Buddha of Suburbia is said to be very autobiographical. It is about Karim, a mixed-race teenager who is desperate to escape suburban South London. The suburbs are "a leaving place" from which Kureishi's characters must move away. The Buddha is set in the 1970s and ends just before the Thatcher era begins.
Kin-Fo is a very wealthy man, who certainly does not lack material possessions. However, he is terribly bored and when news reaches him about his major investment abroad, a bank in the United States, going bankrupt, he decides to die. He signs up for a $200,000 life insurance covering all kinds of accidents, death in war, and even suicide.
The book is a collection of short stories describing various aspects of human life on Earth in the 22nd century. The plots of the stories are not closely connected, but they feature a shared set of characters. The most commonly recurring characters are Evgeny Slavin and Sergei Kondratev, who are thrown over a century into the future.
The story follows Lanny Budd, his English schoolmate Rick, and his German friend Kurt through World War I. Budd joins the staff of the U.S. delegation for the negotiation of the Treaty of Versailles. The plot and characters are developed to reveal historical facts as well as ideological tensions at the time.
A murder in 17th-century Oxford is related from the contradictory points of view of four of the characters, all of them unreliable narrators. The setting of the novel is 1663, just after the restoration of the monarchy following the English Civil War. The plot is at first centred on the death of Robert Grove but later takes in the conspiracies of John Mordaunt and William Compton.
Gaston Bonaparte is a man who used to be a pen friend of Takamori during his school days. Gaston immediately befriends a stray dog who is to follow him for most of the story. He ends up checking into a Love hotel in Shibuya with his dog, attracting some strange looks.
The novel tells a story of two young men from Earth, Anton and Vadim, who decide to go for a trip to Pandora. They are persuaded rather to travel to an uncharted planet by a mysterious man whom they know as Saul Repnin. After landing successfully on the planet, the explorers soon discover a local human civilization, as well as the predicted Wanderers' traces.
Hornblower raises his flag in the schooner HMS Crab and pays a courtesy call at New Orleans. He learns of a plot by Napoleon's most loyal followers to liberate him from his exile on the isolated island of St Helena. Pirates kidnap Hornblower and his young secretary Spendlove and take them to their hideout near Montego Bay.
Joseph is playing Sky Coyote, the trickster, the foolish one, the animal god of many Native American traditions. He will play it for the Chumash, a tribe in California in the late 17th century. His job is to persuade the village of Humashup to give up their entire lifestyle.
The book begins with Khan, Lt. Marla McGivers, and most of the other supermen and women that had been with him on the SS Botany Bay arriving on the planet Ceti Alpha V. Khan is challenged several times by his fellow supermen, but remains in control for the most part.
The novel tells the story of the Rainbow catastrophe of 2156. It starts very simple, as a Wave observer Robert Sklyarov notices an unusually persistent Wave and reports it to the Capital. Soon enough it becomes clear that humans cannot hold the new Wave back and an order to gather the entire population in the Capital is issued.
The novel focuses on his small group of young friends in the mid-1970s. Living in a Japanese town with an American air force base, their lives revolve around sex, drugs and rock 'n roll. The near-plotless story weaves a vividly raw image intensive journey through the daily monotony.
Mendoza has lived wild in the Pacific coast forest, collecting and cataloging plant species. She dreams incessantly of Nicholas Harpole, her lover in 16th century England. Mendoza is led into the hills by Einar, to collect samples in the "Temperate Belt" This just happens to follow the future path of Sunset Boulevard.
The novel picks up a day or so after the events at the conclusion of The Garden of God. Dick Lestrange, son of Richard and Emmeline, is about 14 or 15. He has come to love Katafa. The Melanesian slaves who took over Palm Tree at the end of the novel were all men.
The first-person narrator, Charley, is a young man who like all humans is used as riding mounts for an alien race known as Hoots. Humans in Charley's world, a pastoral Earth, have existed in a master-slave relationship with the Hoots for centuries. The Hoots, who have no way to return to their home planet, maintain the natural systems that keep the world running.
The player takes the role of an adventurer on a quest to find and stop the powerful magician Balthus Dire. In order to be able to confront Dire, the player must navigate the Citadel, avoiding monsters while also collecting several artifacts that will allow passage past guardians to the villain's inner sanctum.
The player takes the role of a starship commander whose ship and crew are sucked through a black hole into an alternate universe. The player's goal is to return to collects clues from several different planets that will allow the plotting of a course to return home. The game is available now for PC, Mac and Linux.
The player takes the role of an adventurer who decides to enter Baron Sukumvit's "Trial of Champions" and brave "Deathtrap Dungeon" The player must defeat monsters, navigate the maze of dungeons and collect certain gems, which are the key to escaping and winning the Trial.
The story begins with the childhood days of Barney Livingston and Laura Castellano. The story then traces their days at medical school. All are struggling with ethics, failed relationships and prejudices of those times. After a failed marriage and a string of failed relationships, Laura and Barney realize their love for each other.
He began writing the book while serving on a submarine, basing it on his experiences as a medical resident. When it did not do particularly well, he began an extensive study of other books in the genre. He decided to concentrate on medical suspense thrillers, mixing intricately plotted murder and intrigue with medical technology.
The Innocents is an imagined novel combining elements of Animal Farm and Watership Down. In Mendoza in Hollywood, the botanist and her companion Einar were thrown forward in time from 1863 to 1996 in Laurel Canyon, Los Angeles. The novel and its loony fans are among the catalysts for the growing animal-rights movement.
Hugh Norreys, a self-described cripple watches John Gabriel run for parliament from his couch in the small Cornish town of St. Loo. Hugh's invalid status seems to encourage his visitors to reveal their secrets and emotions. The novel explores love, caring for others, and a gothic tragedy of one woman and the men who love her.
Strider takes place two years after the end of Dear Mr. Henshaw. At age 14, Leigh writes in his diary about his experiences with his parent's divorce, his friend Barry, a girl named Geneva and a dog named Strider. Because of Strider, Leigh Botts finds himself running -- well enough to join the school track team.
Clive Strickland, lawyer and author, was to discover a bewildering and terrifying slice of Victorian life. The Damon family home, a huge and formidable mansion, plays host to a multitude of characters. A ghost like figure threatens; Matthew Damon gets murdered under impossible circumstances and it take the brilliance of Jonathan Whicher to solve the tangled puzzle.
10-year-old Billy must eat 15 earthworms in 15 days to win a bet for $50. His friends help him by preparing the worms in a variety of ways to make them more appetizing, such as using ketchup, mustard, and horseradish, and maple syrup.
The first part is an extension of the first person accounts previously supplied by Mendoza. She is about 150,000 years in the past, growing fruit and vegetables for a Company resort on Santa Cruz island. One day, a man shows up in a Company Time Shuttle. These previously unknown vessels let the Company ship tourists back to the past.
Sam Lambert is an experienced RAF pilot based at an East Anglian bomber station. He has been flying missions over Germany since the start of the war. The stress of flying missions is exacerbated by a plot device similar to that found in RAF Bomber Command. We join the bomber crews at rest and in preparation for the ordeal.
Gogol is a young man who changed his name after graduating from Columbia. He lives in a very small apartment in New York City with his friend Eliseo. He meets a very attractive and rather socially aggressive Barnard girl Maxine. Gogol breaks off the relationship and begins to spend more time with his mother and sister.
Maurice Castle is an aging bureaucrat in the British secret service MI6. Married to a black African woman with whom he fell in love during his previous stint in apartheid South Africa. A leak has been traced to the African section in London where he works. Castle decides to help the Communists and believes that by helping them he is helping his wife's people.
Vernon Deyre is a small boy growing up in the old country house of the Deyre family, Abbots Puisannts. He is the only child of Walter, a soldier by profession, and Myra Deyre Vernon has no friends. In their place he has four imaginary friends, the most important of which is called Mr. Green. Vernon has an unreasoning terror, naming it "The Beast", and which promotes a hatred of music in his soul.
In the midst of divorce, bereft of the only people in her life she cares for, Celia considers taking her life. But, while on an exotic island, she meets a successful portrait painter Larraby, who spends a night talking with her, and learns her deepest fears. Celia with the hope that he may be the one to help her come to terms with her past.
The novel is a locked room mystery, which takes place at a wizards' convention. The protagonist is Lord Darcy, Chief Investigator for the Duke of Normandy. This Sherlock Holmes-like figure is assisted by Master Sean O'Lochlainn. Analogues of Nero Wolfe, Archie Goodwin, James Bond and Gandalf the Grey appear.
The novel is set in 1963, eighteen years following the end of the alternate World War II shown in the Worldwar series. Earl Warren is President of the United States, Vyacheslav Molotov is the Premier of the Soviet Union, and Heinrich Himmler leads Nazi Germany. Smaller countries remain independent, such as the Republic of Ireland and Imperial Japan.
Tom Kitten is a young cat who lives with his mother, Mrs. Tabitha Twitchit, and sisters, Moppet and Mittens, in a house overrun with rats. As he makes his way to the top of the house, he comes across a crack in the wall and, squeezing through it, finds himself under the attic's floorboards. There he meets the rats, Mr. Samuel Whiskers and his wife Anna Maria.
The player takes the role of an adventurer on a quest to find and stop the Lizard King and free the human slaves captured by his army. As the adventurer, the player must traverse Fire Island, battling Lizard Men and various other monsters. The player must also find and utilize information regarding the LizardKing's weakness that will be required during the final confrontation.
In Part One, the poet has various adventures, meeting the Roman poet Giuseppe Gioacchino Belli in the Sistine Chapel, and Pauline Bonaparte, sister of Napoleon, in the Pincio. Part Two consists of about seventy amusingly blasphemous sonnets by Belli, purportedly translated by one "Joseph Joachim Wilson"
The novel is set in the United States of America in 2014. Interracial tensions have passed the breaking point. A Mafia-like cartel, the Gottschalks, are exploiting this situation. There are several separate strands of narrative following particular characters. The plot is contrived to bring the strands together and resolve matters.
Lucky Child tells the story of Loung Ung and her sister Chou Ung. Loung lives in Vermont as a refugee with her older brother Meng and his wife Eang. Chou remained in Cambodia with the rest of her family. Chou's story was recorded by Loung and translated to English.
Laura Franklin's younger sister Shirley comes into the world. Laura instantly resents her, and soon begins wish and even to pray that her baby sister will die. But after saving Shirley's life in a fire, she experiences a complete change of feeling. Later, as the sisters grow up and fall in love, Laura begins to realise that the burden of her love for Shirley has had a dramatic effect on both their lives.
Tommy and Tuppence are introduced in The Secret Adversary. They are to take over 'The International Detective Agency' They pose as the owners so as to intercept any enemy messages coming through. In each case mimicking the style of a famous fictional detective of the period.
Hell Island is a remote Pacific Island currently used by the American government for scientific experiments. It was originally used as a Japanese airfield during World War II but was captured with a force of more than 500 Marines, including Schofield's grandfather. It quickly becomes clear that the island was the testing ground for an elite force of supersoldier.
The framework is the story of the Republic of New Mexico invading the peaceful anarcho-capitalist society in Kansas. The NMR creates a military fiasco by completely failing to understand the cultural differences. The main protagonist is Wil W. Brierson, a detective/insurance agent, who attempts to disrupt the invasion.
A generation ship is sent with one end of a wormhole to explore the future and investigate the whereabouts of Michael Poole. The crew is broken into three factions&mdash;the primitives, the virtuals, and a survivalist faction, Superet. Their journey is a round trip taking them to the future of our solar system through relativistic time dilation.
The story takes place in Ancient Egypt where Princess Amasidia, daughter to King Amasis, is walking along the Pelusium Way. She is deeply saddened as her love has been missing for 7 years and the King has forbidden him. Mambres devised a plan to appoint the white bull as the new bull god Apis.
The novel begins on the planet Veridian III and takes place shortly after the events seen in the motion picture Star Trek Generations. The body of James T. Kirk is stolen by the Romulans after his burial by fellow Starfleet captain Jean Kirk is able to resist commands to kill Worf, Data, and Geordi La Forge. He is eventually captured on Deep Space Nine attempting to kill Commander William Riker.
Quenton Cassidy is a collegiate runner at fictional Southeastern University based on the University of Florida. He is a distance runner who specializes in the Mile. After writing a petition for the college's athletes protesting a dress and conduct code, Quenton is suspended from the university and prohibited from competing in the university's annual track meet. Cassidy drops out and submits himself to a brutal training regimen.
In the northern Ooni Kingdom, fear of the unknown runs deep, and children born dada are rumored to have special powers. Zahrah Tsami was born with the telling dadalocks. Only her best friend, Dari, isn't afraid of her, even when something unusual begins happening.
When their father dies, Doctor Thomas Thorne and his younger, ne'er-do-well brother Henry are left to fend for themselves. Doctor Thorne begins to establish a medical practice, while Henry seduces Mary Scatcherd. Mary falls in love with Frank Gresham, the only son and heir of the squire of G Reshamsbury.
There is a multi-strand narrative and many characters in the book never meet each other. The character of Austin Train in The Sheep Look Up serves a similar purpose to Xavier Conroy in The Jagged Orbit or to Chad Mulligan in Stand on Zanzibar. This character is used both to drive the plot and to explain back-story to the reader.
Early in the story, the survivors of Hendron's own smaller Ark set out to establish a colony. After a mysterious disease passes through the camp, killing two colonists, Tony Drake and Eliot James explore a domed city. The men inside have Slavic features and have evidently begun a takeover attempt. An armada arrives soon afterward and is Tony decides to occupy one of the alien cities.
First chapter shows Anton's childhood, when he sneaks away from his boarding school with his friends, Pashka and Anka. It reveals that children live in a futuristic utopia, and the teenagers are drawn. Don Rumata is investigating the disappearance of a famed scientist, Doctor Budah, who might have been kidnapped by the Prime Minister of Arkanar.
Alex Rider is on a trip with his friend Tom Harris in Venice in search of Scorpia, the name that Yassen Gregorovich gave Alex before dying in the prior novel. While investigating at a party being held in the house of Julia Rothman, Alex is captured by a Scorpia assassin called Nile and is left to die in a water room, but manages to escape, barely. Alex is tutored about BASE jumping from Tom's brother Jerry and infiltrates the pharmaceutical company Consanto.
While on holiday in the South of France with his friend Sabina Pleasure, Alex Rider runs into the assassin Yassen Gregorovich, who killed Alex's uncle in the first novel Stormbreaker. Alex tells Sabina about his double life as a spy, but she does not believe him and refuses to speak with him. Alex meets a photographer named Marc Antonio in Paris; he reveals that Sabina's father was investigating Cray. Cray reveals his plan, code-named "Eagle Strike", to board Air Force One and use its missile room to launch nuclear missiles.
Justin Quayle, a British diplomat in Nairobi, Kenya, is told that his activist wife, Tessa, was killed. Tessa had uncovered a corporate scandal involving medical experimentation in Africa. Justin travels the world, often under assumed identities, to reconstruct the circumstances leading to Tessa's murder.
Gack is a commando in Fighting Cats: an elite army unit of Alai Duchy. In the first chapter of the novel, Gack is mortally wounded in a battle with the army of the Empire. Kornei Yashmaa, a progressor finds him and takes him to Earth.
The novel concerns a doctor who develops a mechanical method of eradicating painful memories from people's brains. The protagonist persuades his lover to try the process after she has been seduced by a rival. She is transformed until the protagonist awakes and realizes that he has dreamt of the doctor and his process.
In the prologue, Watarai leads his team of Cobalt Knights to an area inaccessible to normal players. They attempt to delete a vagrant AI in the form of a little girl in a red dress, but their attempt fails and she escapes. A newbie player, Hokuto, appeals to Albireo to help her and finish the event involuntarily.
The Story follows the original four .hack video games except, through BlackRose's perspective instead of Kite's. When her younger brother, Fumikazu, falls into a coma while playing The World, Akira decides to figure out the cause and begins to play The World where she meets the Kite.
Junka Nimura is a young girl who lives with her mother and her grandmother. Her father, who has left her mother, is Junichiro Tokuoka. In The World Junka plays the female Heavy Axeman named "Carl" She's been playing the game for quite a long time, and likes to cause trouble.
The plot of the book revolves around a history teacher Mr. Ben Ross, his high school students, and an experiment he conducts. Unsatisfied with his own inability to answer his students' earnest questions of how and why, Mr Ben Ross is a teacher at a German school. His students are upset by the footage of concentration camps and question why the German people allowed this to happen.
In Stiff Upper Lip, Jeeves, Bertie Wooster returns to Totleigh Towers. Only Gussie Fink-Nottle stands between our hero and the dreaded state of matrimony. Madeline, inspired by the life of Percy Bysshe Shelley, orders Gussie to abandon his beloved steak and kidney pie and take up a vegetarian diet.
The story begins in the year 972, when Romieux de Provence leaves his native Kingdom of Arles for England. After being shipwrecked on the coast of Cornwall, Rumon encounters Merewyn, a teenage. The party travel to Lydford where King Edgar is holding court. Rumon meets Dunstan, Archbishop of Canterbury, who be Rumon starts an illicit affair with Queen Alfrida, who is living in Corfe Castle.
Dominique, a student in Paris has a lover, Bertrand, who one day introduces her to his businessman uncle Luc and his wife Françoise. Both Luc and Dominique are aware of their mutual attraction from the beginning. When Françoise eventually finds out about the affair, Dominique must learn to get over Luc and accept the transience of their relationship.
Lucks intends to use the winnings to purchase a block of land to protect the animals by preventing it from being developed into a mall. The story revolves around her efforts to recover the ticket, aided by a newspaper reporter. The book parodies paranoid militia groups that believe in somewhat bizarre conspiracy theories.
The novel fictionalizes Albert Einstein as a young scientist who is troubled by dreams as he works on his theory of relativity in 1905. The book consists of 30 chapters, each exploring one dream about time that Einstein had during this period. Each dream involves a conception of time, and the book demonstrates the relationship each human being has to time.
Hobbie Elliot met Patrick Earnscliff, whose father had been killed in a quarrel with the laird of Ellislaw, Richard Vere. Willie Graeme of Westburnflat, on his way to avenge an affront he had received from Hobbie Elliot, warned Isabel Vere was seized by ruffians while walking with her father.
The only copy of Mark Dunn's biography of Jonathan Blashette was accidentally knocked into a bathtub and destroyed. Dunn had not yet sent along his voluminous endnotes and they survived, so the editor convinces Dunn to make a virtue of necessity and publish the endnotes by themselves. The reader is left to try and ferret out the details of Blashente's life story through the marginal asides and tangents related therein.
The main character, Fred Lemish, is loosely modeled on Kramer. Lemish wants to find a loving, long-term relationship. But his urges are frustrated and he becomes disillusioned with the 1970s "fast lane" lifestyle. Faggots details the use of over two dozen 1970s party drugs.
John Marcher, the protagonist, is reacquainted with May Bartram, a woman he knew ten years earlier. Marcher is seized with the belief that his life is to be defined by some catastrophic or spectacular event, lying in wait for him. May decides to buy a house in London with the money she inherited from a great aunt, and to spend her days with Marcher.
Bunyip Bluegum the koala sets out on his travels, taking only a walking stick. He meets Bill Barnacle the sailor and Sam Sawnoff the Bill and Sam were once shipwrecked with a ship's cook on an iceberg where the cook created the pudding which they now own. Later on they encounter the Pudding Thieves, a possum and a wombat.
The book follows the travels of a young man across the country while working as a hustler. Throughout the novel, the unnamed narrator has trysts with various peculiar characters. All of these relationships range in the extent of their emotional and sexual nature, as well as in their peculiarity.
 Oppenheimer believes that anatomically modern humans crossed the Red Sea from the Horn of Africa and followed the "southern coastal route" once in Asia. The biblical analogies of Adam and Eve are used to describe the Most recent common ancestors via mitochondrial DNA and the y-chromosome. Other male lineages are described as Cain, Abel and Seth.
A fast-paced, madcap comedy-farce, the main action of the play occurs in a courtroom presided over by a judge in the original cast. The defense attorney is swapping racial slurs with his Jewish client, who suddenly comes up with a brilliant idea. The question is, can he cut through all the courtroom drama in time to make the plan work?
The book revolves around a young New Englander, Amy Delatour, a teenager of French Acadian-English lineage. She often goes into a fugue stage where she believes she is a tormented soul named Ange-Marie. The shy and bookish Amy lives in a state of anguish and uncertainty.
The novel is set at the time of the Indian Rebellion of 1857. The complacent life of the British community in Bengal is shattered by the Rebellion. The "Nightrunners" in the title are messengers who distributed chapatis shortly before the outbreak of the rebellion.
Binodini is a convent educated young widow left to her own devices when her husband dies soon after they are married. As was the custom in those times in British India, she returns to her village and lives there for a couple of months until she accepts the invitation of Rajlakshmi to live with her and her son, Mahendra.
The book is narrated by David Bell, a former television executive turned avant-garde filmmaker. The story addresses roots of American pathology and introduces themes DeLillo expanded upon in The Names, White Noise, and Libra. The first half of the novel can be viewed as a critique of the corporate world while the second half articulates the fears and dilemmas of contemporary American life.
The Last Samurai is about the relationship between a young boy, Ludo, and his mother, Sibylla. Ludo is a child prodigy, whose combination of genius and naïveté guide him in a search for his missing father. The search that has some peculiar byways and unexpected consequences.
The White Dragon follows the Coming of age story of Jaxom, the young Lord of Ruatha Hold. As JAXom grows up, he has to deal with the difficulty of being both a Lord Holder and a dragonrider. While there he discovers some of the mysteries that the Ancients, the ancestors of the Pernese, left behind.
The Soviet Premier launches a limited nuclear counter-force strike against America. Icarus believes the teleprinter to be a ruse, and that the Soviet leadership will retaliate massively, thereby crushing the United States. First wave of Soviet ICBMs and SLBMs arrive, crippling most of America's missile silos and bomber bases.
The novel chronicles Diego's formation as well as his origins as Zorro. Allende's story is split into six parts, each part dealing with one stage of Diego's life. Alejandro, aided by Padre Mendo Regina and Diego share an unusual childhood. They capture a live bear using the sleeping potion of White Owl.
Aurora Thorpe is forced to attend the prestigious St Dymphna's Non-Denominational Ladies' College. Web Richardson is an outcast from a single parent family. Aurora and Web share a prickly connection, despite Aurora's reluctance to be associated with the terribly unpopular Web.
Jack McCall, an American living in Rome with his young daughter, is trying to find peace after the recent trauma of his wife's suicide. A telegram from a family member summons Jack back to South Carolina to be with his ailing mother. He begins a journey that encompasses the past and the present in both Europe and the American South.
Time is set on Earth, the inner part of the Solar System and various other universes onwards from the 21st century. The novel covers a wide range of topics, including the Doomsday argument, Fermi paradox, genetic engineering, and humanity's extinction. The book begins at the end of space and time, when the last descendants of humanity face an infinite but pointless existence.
'Mrs. Dalloway' is about a young woman who falls in love with a girl she knew as a girl. The novel begins with the suicide of Virginia Woolf in 1941 by drowning herself in the Ouse. The character, Laura Dalloways, decides to have a second child.
Aerin is the only child of Arlbeth, king of Damar, and his second wife, a foreigner from the North. She inherits her mother's pale skin and fiery red hair, setting her apart from all Aerin failed to develop the Gift, known as kelar, an ability to use magic that all members of the royal family inherit.
The book alternates between Shizuma Shigematsu's journal entries and other characters from August 6-15, 1945, Hiroshima, and the present, several years later, when he and his wife Shigeko become the guardians of their niece, Yasuko. At the start of the novel, three earlier attempts to arrange a match have already failed due to health concerns over her.
A Florentine trader meets a shipwrecked stranger, who introduces himself as Tito Melema. Tito learns from Fra Luca, a Dominican monk, that his adoptive father has been forced into slavery and is asking for assistance. Romola secretly leaves Tito and Florence, but is persuaded by Savonarola to return to fulfil her obligations.
Ten years had passed since the final events of The Monastery. Lady Avenel had adopted Roland, whom her dog had saved from drowning. The boy grew up petted by his mistress, but disliked by her chaplain and servants. He then learnt that he was to be attached to the household of Queen Mary.
Eugenia and her brother Felix arrive in Boston. The next day Felix visits their cousins. He first meets Gertrude, who is shirking attendance at church. Three days later their uncle Mr Wentworth suggests they stay in a little house close to theirs. Felix suggests fixing him up with Eugenia instead.
Set in 1948, in the Watts area of Los Angeles, the story begins with Easy out-of-work and unable to pay his mortgage. Easy meets two old friends, Coretta and Dupree from Texas, among many other people that he knew from his former life in the South. He goes home with them and has sex with Coretta, although Dupree is asleep next room, and then leaves her in the early morning only to be arrested by the LAPD shortly thereafter.
Adrian has carefully groomed himself to convey the image of a witty, highly extroverted gay boy. Despite his image, and, despite regarding sex as his "public pride", he finds himself unable to express his love for the woman. The book ends with Adrian, now a Professor Donald Trefusis is "Odysseus" Istvan Moltaj is "Patrochlus" Szabó is "Helen", the catalyst of the Trojan
The Emily novels were written by Anne of Green Gables author Montgomery. The series was less romanticized and more realistic than the Anne novels. Montgomery considered Emily to be a character much closer to her own personality than Anne. Some of the events which occur in the Emily series happened to Montgomery herself.
Women focuses on the many dissatisfactions Chinaski faced with each new woman he encountered. One of the women featured in the book is a character named Lydia Vance; she is based on Bukowski's one-time girlfriend, the sculptress and sometime poet Linda King. Another central female character in thebook is named "Tanya" who is described as a 'tiny girl-child' and Chinasko's pen-pal.
The first book, entitled "A Sort of Introduction", is an introduction of the protagonist, a 32-year old mathematician named Ulrich. In the second book, "Pseudoreality Prevails", Ulrich joins the so-called "Collateral Campaign" or "Parallel Campaign" The novel provides an analysis of all the As published, the novel ends in a large section of drafts, notes, false-starts and forays written by Musil.
The novel describes the "Ark Project" of 2160 and the first contact with Ark Megaforms. The story is told by Stanislav Popov, a technician of the ER-2 team. The mission of ER- 2 is changed to establish contact with a possible alien race.
Hadleyburg is a town known for its responsible, honest people that are trained to avoid temptation. A passing stranger vows to get his revenge by corrupting the town. The stranger's plan centers around a sack of gold he drops off Mr. and Mrs. Richards. The town hall bursts into laughter at the obvious dishonesty behind the identical, incorrect claims.
The novel takes place between the events of the Umbrella Conspiracy and City of the Dead & Nemesis. The novel centers around Rebecca Chambers. Dr. Griffith has created a virus that robs humans of their ability to make decisions, while keeping their intellect. Rebecca carries a WWII "pineapple" fragmentation grenade with her as a good luck charm from her father.
Leon S. Kennedy, Claire Redfield, Rebecca Chambers, and the survivors of the Caliban Cove incident, John Andrews and David Trapp, are en route to Europe to rendezvous with the other surviving STARS members. While in the air, their plane is redirected by the mysterious Trent, an enigmatic figure who has been guiding and manipulating events throughout the entire series of novels. Trent informs the group of an Umbrella facility in Utah, used to test and train the company's experimental biological weapons. The facility's overseer, a man named Jay Reston, is one of three people in the world in possession of a codebook which would allow access to all of Umbrella's most secret documents. Trent wants the group to infiltrate the facility, steal the codebook, and take down Umbrella once and for all.
Kaye the protagonist in the novel Ironside A Modern Faery's Tale is given a quest that is described by being Impossible. Kaye cannot see or speak with Roiben unless she can find the one thing she knows does not exist: a faerie who can tell a lie. In order to speak to him, Kaye must complete his quest, and she does.
The book's main character is Kevin Lewis, an MIT graduate who was invited to join the MIT Blackjack Team in 1993. The team was financed by a colorful character named Micky Rosa, who had organized at least one other team to play the Vegas strip. This new team was the most profitable yet. Personality conflicts and card counting deterrent efforts at the casinos eventually ended this incarnation.
The series is set in an alternate history Earth in which the First World War is fought with and by dragons, spells, vampires and all other kinds of magical weapons and beings. The story follows the protagonist, Fletcher Arrowsmith, as he joins the war effort on the side of the Allies.
Robert attends Riverview High School, which is only notable for its anti-semitic attitudes, homophobia, boredom, and anti-communist paranoia. Robert has no interest in any of his classes except for ROTC, a class he is taking instead of PE. His boredom and hatred for school grows and he eventually stops attending for large periods of time.
A boy named Eugene is visiting Rochester, New York with his uncle, a hugely obese vending machine tester. They are recruited by Professor Ambrose McFwain, an equally obese scientist, to join him on an expedition to find a sea monster. They find the Yobgorgle and realize it is actually a submarine in the shape of a giant pig. The ship is almost self-sufficient and the crew consists of only Captain Van Straaten.
Set in Tokyo during the 1980s, it tells the story of an old Catholic writer struggling with old age and the feeling that he yet has to write his magnum opus. One day, a young woman shows up at a party attended by the main character, Suguro, mentioning loudly that he has not been visiting the ill-reputed street where she works as an artist lately. Because of his reputation as a Christian writer with high moral standards, such behaviour is seen by his publishers as very undesirable.
The central character, India, is an illegitimate child of a former United States ambassador to India, Maximilian Ophuls. The story portrays the paradise that once was Kashmir, and how the politics of the sub-continent ripped apart the lives of those caught in the middle of the battleground.
Shamela is written as a shocking revelation of the true events which took place in the life of Pamela Andrews, the main heroine of Pamela. From Shamela we learn that, instead of being a kind, humble, and chaste servant-girl, Pamela is in fact a wicked and lascivious creature.
The story takes place in fictional town Upper Darby, Rhode Island in 2004. Anna Fitzgerald's older sister, Kate, suffers from acute promyelocytic leukemia, a blood and bone marrow cancer. Anna was born specifically so she could save Kate's life. Anna petitions for medical emancipation with the help of lawyer Campbell Alexander.
Ysanne Isard has taken control of Thyferra, intending to withhold its supply of medicinal bacta to destabilize and destroy the New Republic. Undermanned and deprived of Alliance support, Rogue Squadron must oppose Isard's plans, defeat her Star Destroyer fleet, and free Thyferr from her rule.
Kennedy uses a number of measures to indicate real, relative and potential strength of nations. Great Power ascendancy correlates strongly to available resources and economic durability. Military overstretch and a concomitant relative decline are the consistent The book starts at the dividing line between the Renaissance and early modern history-1500.
Chris Guthrie's mother, broken by repeated childbirths, commits suicide and poisons her baby twins. Two younger children go to live with their aunt and uncle in Aberdeen. Chris, her older brother Will and her father to run the farm on their own. Will and his father have a stormy relationship and Will emigrates to Argentina with his young bride, Molly Douglas. Chris is left to do all the work around the house.
The novel is set in the 1730s and 1740s and tells the life story of Roderick "Rory" Random. Random was born to a Scottish gentleman and a lower-class woman and is thus shunned by his father's family. The novel ends happily when Random is reunited with his now wealthy father in Argentina.
In True History, Lucian and a company of adventuring heroes sail westward through the Pillars of Hercules in order to explore lands and inhabitants beyond the Ocean. They are blown off course by a strong wind, and after 79 days come to an island. Shortly after leaving the island, they are lifted up by a giant waterspout and deposited on the Moon on the eighth day. There they find themselves embroiled in a full-scale war between the King of the Moon and the king of the Sun.
 Caesar is serving a five year term as Governor Of Spain with his Tenth legion. Depressed with guilt still over the death of his wife in The Death of Kings, he has exhausted himself in conquering and expanding Spain. However when his friend Marcus Brutus' mother arrives, she engages in a romance with him and re-awakens his desire for power. Before his term ends he deserts his Governorship to challenge for the role of Consul.
The plot of Neanderthal revolves around two rival scientists, Matt Mattison and Susan Arnot, who are sent by the United States government to search for missing anthropologist James Kellicut. The protagonists are captured by Neanderthals and must try to escape from the cannibal tribe. It eventually, however, becomes necessary to train the peaceful tribe for war.
The novel's title refers to its main character, Henry Wilt. Wilt is a demoralized and professionally under-rated assistant lecturer. Along the way he finds humiliation and chaos, which ultimately lead him to discover his own strengths and some level of dignity. And all the while he is pursued by the tenacious police inspector Flint.
Alice Vavasor, a young woman of twenty-four, is engaged to the wealthy and respectable and dependable, if unambitious and bland, John Grey. We increasingly see a darker side to George, who seemed charismatic, ambitious and alluring, in contrast to John. The marital situation is made more tense by Glencora's failure to conceive a child.
The plot starts in Naples, Italy in the 18th century, where an Englishman is speaking with an Italian friar. The Englishman notices a man in a shadowy area of the church, who is an assassin. When Vivaldi's mother, the Marchesa, hears about his love for Ellena, she hires her confessor, Father Schedoni, to kidnap Ellena.
Harry "Rabbit" Angstrom is 26, has a job selling a kitchen gadget named MagiPeeler, and is married to Janice, a former salesgirl at the store where he worked. They have a two-year-old son named Nelson, and live in Mount Judge, a suburb of Brewer, Pennsylvania. Harry believes that his marriage is corrupt and something is missing from his life. He decides to leave his family and drive south in an attempt to "escape"
The story takes place in England in the mid-1930s. In May 1935, the entire British Royal Family is killed in a freak accident. The search is on to find a surviving heir of British blood. After an extensive search, the choice falls on Jack Green, a 24-year-old stage actor.
The Baudelaire orphans and Count Olaf flee the burning Hotel Denouement after setting it on fire. After surviving a storm, they find themselves on a coastal shelf of an island inhabited by a mysterious group of people. The islanders Ishmael decides that the children, Kit, and Olaf should all be abandoned unless they agree to abide by the colony's rules. Unlike the previous installments in the series, The End features a total of fourteen chapters.
M, the Head of the Secret Service, assigns James Bond, Special Agent 007, to play against and bankrupt Le Chiffre, the paymaster for a SMERSH-controlled trade union. As part of Bond's cover as a rich Jamaican playboy, M also assigns as his companion Vesper Lynd. The game soon turns into an intense confrontation between Le Chiffsre and Bond. The following morning, Bond finds that Vesper has committed suicide.
Annie John is a young girl who worships her mother. She is shocked and hurt when she learns that she must some day live in a different house. Annie John becomes closer to her friends at school and Red Girl, while alienating herself from her mother and the other adults in her life.
Ruth narrates the story of how she and her younger sister Lucille are raised by a succession of relatives in the fictional town of Fingerbone, Idaho. The novel treats the subject of housekeeping not only in the domestic sense of cleaning, but in the larger sense of keeping a spiritual home for one's self and family in the face of loss.
Jerome Branch Corbell has incurable cancer and is cryogenically frozen in the year 1970 in the faint hope of a future cure. His body is revived in 2190 by an oppressive, totalitarian global government called "The State" Peerssa decides that Corbell is a loner and born tourist. This makes him an ideal candidate to be the pilot and sole passenger of a Bussard ramjet.
"Army of Strangers" tells the story of Jaime, a bored and self-described corporate cog. In a quest to seek solace from his corporate existence, he joined the French Foreign Legion. He experiences brutality, adventure, and an uncompromising camaraderie.
The Story of B is presented as a diary of the American first-person narrator and protagonist, Fr. Jared Osborne. The Laurentians have traditionally made it their duty to be the first group to recognize the Antichrist. Jared finds himself logically supporting B's ideas, though is unable to rationalize them in terms of his religious convictions.
The book has three separate but overlapping stories, with the repeated appearance of shared characters. The San Francisco/Oakland Bay Bridge, the overarching setting of the trilogy, functions as a shared location of their convergence and resolution. The first story features former rent-a-cop Berry Rydell, the protagonist of Virtual Light.
A female college student expresses frustration that she does not understand the material in her professor's class. Of particular concern is a book written by John himself, wherein he questions the modern insistence that everyone participate in higher education. After initially appearing insensitive, John eventually decides to help Carol, telling her that he "likes her"
 memoir was written in English. Min's first name, Anchee, means Jade of Peace, and her siblings' names are Blooming, Coral, and Space Conqueror. The autobiography deals with themes of ideology and gender and sexual psychology. Min tells the story of her childhood in Shanghai under the rule of Mao Zedong during the 1960s.
Pol, now Ruling Prince of Princemarch, seeks to become the man and Prince that his parents, High Prince Rohan and High Princess Sioned raised him to be. But his spirit is impatient and restless. When word comes that dragons are being hunted, Pol follows Riyan and Sorin to Elktrap Manor. They find a dying dragon nearby, who shows them that men had attacked it using sorcery.
While on Dorval, Meath uncovers ancient scrolls in the Sunrunner ruins. Meath decides to take the scrolls to the leader of the Sunrunners, Andrade. Lady Andrade appoints Andry to translate the scrolls with the help of Hollis, his brother Maarken's unofficial betrothed. Meanwhile, an arrogant upstart called Masul attempts to proclaim himself Roelstra's son and heir.
The protagonist of this picaresque novel, Aaron Sisson, is a union official in the coal mines of the English Midlands. He is also an amateur, but talented, flautist. At the start of the story he walks out on his wife and two children and decides on impulse to visit Italy.
 Ballard's 9th novel is set in the year 2114 AD, several generations after an ecological collapse has rendered North America virtually unlivable. The bulk of the novel takes place when a European steamship, the SS Apollo, sails to America to try to discover the cause of increased radioactive fallout in England. Though the plot is a straightforward adventure yarn, the book is actually a subtle parody of American culture.
The story's premise is that several years ago, while the Count was away on a long business trip, the Countess and Chérubin spent a night together. The Count has been suspicious all these years that he is not the father of Léon. Figaro and Suzanne, who are still married, must once again come to the rescue of the Count and Countess; and of their illegitimate children.
Sir Richard Hannay is living in rural tranquility, having bought Fosse Manor and married Mary Lamington. Julius Victor visits Hannay and tells him his daughter Adela has been kidnapped and held hostage. Hannay heads to London to meet Macgillivray, and briefly runs into his old friend Sandy Arbuth Hannay has a strange dreamlike experience of which he remembers little.
U.S. Congressman David Lane Dilbeck is an incorrigible patron of strip bars, nude dancers, and other forms of erotic entertainment. Dilbeck's main function in Washington, D.C. is to rubber stamp lucrative price Erin Grant is engaged in a bitter legal fight with her ex-husband, Darrell, for custody of their young daughter.
Jacques Austerlitz is an architectural historian who encounters and befriends the solitary narrator in Antwerp during the 1960s. He arrived in Britain during the summer of 1939 as an infant refugee on a kindertransport from a Czechoslovakia threatened by Hitler's Nazis. He was adopted by an elderly Welsh Calvinist preacher and his sickly wife.
After the destruction of the second Death Star and the death of the Emperor, the Empire is left without a true leader. The Supreme Prophet Kadann prophesied that the next leader of the Empire would wear the indestructible right hand Glove of Darth Vader, so Imperial senator Timothy Barclay sends Captain Dunwell to find the glove. The Rebel Alliance and the Senate's Planetary Intelligence Network known as SPIN send C-3PO and R2-D2 disguised to the planet Kessel. There they discover Grand Moff Hissa introducing Trioculus as the heir to Empire.
On Qualavarra, humanity was enslaved by the Vorra, a race of technologically-advanced barbarians who had conquered space. However, there was a place called "The Acre" where humans lived in relative freedom, and there they had uncovered a secret. There was something connected with Earth that the VorRA could not abide-and yet could not do without.
On the face of the Earth only the Barrenland remained an impenetrable mystery-a blasted radioactive area the size of a small state. Jervis Yanderman was one of the more courageous souls of that future day when men at least were starting to reconstruct the vanquished civilization of the dim past.
The book follows the childhood memories of the narrator, illustrating various experiences in his life. The general story is paralleled with the traditional story of the Mr. Punch show, 'The oldest, the wisest play' Like many of Gaiman's works, a major theme in this graphic novel is memory and the unreliability of one's own recollections.
Carrie Willow and her brother Nick are evacuated to Wales during the Second World War. They stay with the bullying Mr. Evans, and his gentle but weak sister, whom they call "Auntie Lou" The housekeeper tells the children about a curse on the family which concerns a skull kept in the library. According to the tale, the curse would activate if the skull is removed from the house. Carrie, in a fit of anger, throws the skull out of the window into the pond.
The entire action of the show takes place in and close to a Broadway theatre. The setting is the early 1950s. A half hour remains before the show is to begin. Sidney needs Bob's help; Jeanie, Bob's girlfriend, is annoyed at being stood up. Sidney warns Jeanie that Bob may not be the right man for her.
The novel is related in broad chronological order by the main protagonist, Herbert Badgery. The story begins in 1919 when the thirty-three year old Herbert lands his aeroplane in a field close to the wealthy former bullock-her Herbert marries Phoebe and they bear two children, Charles and Sonia.
The Cowardly Lion believes that he has depleted the reserve of courage imbued in him by the Wizard. Someone misdirects the Lion into thinking that he can only replenish his courage by eating a courageous man. Since the Lion dislikes the notion of harming anyone, he resolves to do the deed as quickly as possible, and so embarks on his quest.
A space station-manufactury attempts to become commercially independent from its Government backers by exporting super-strong nanowire that can only be manufactured in free-fall. Following an attempt to sabotage their first delivery and hijack the cargo, the intrepid crew realise they can escape the hijackers. Their shuttle Anansi can become a modern day version of its namesake, an African Spider-god... by descending to Earth on a thread.
Prince Tatters of Ragbag, and Grampa, a former soldier and the bravest man in the kingdom, set out to search for King Fumbo's lost head. They are joined by Bill, an iron weathercock from Chicago, who was brought to life by an electrical storm and blown to Oz.
Old Mombi, formerly the Wicked Witch of the North, is now a cook in the land of Kimbaloo. She sets out to find Pastoria, the king of Oz, whom she also enchanted in the past. Dorothy is accidentally transported to Hollywood, where she meets Humpy, a live stunt dummy.
The adventures of Betsy Bobbin, Carter Green, the Vegetable Man and the Scarlet Prince Evered. Thompson begins with a tyrant, Irasha the Rough, the Pasha of Rash, a tiny kingdom in the southwest of Ev. The Pasha has a problem: his prison is too full to cram any more Rashers in.
Peter Brown, the child protagonist introduced by Thompson in The Gnome King of Oz, mopes in his attic. He wishes himself back in the magic land &mdash; and suddenly finds himself in the front yard of Jack Pumpkinhead. Boy, baron, iffin and pumpkinhead set out to remedy this situation, and quickly become enwrapped in complexities.
The story opens with a bang and a splash: an underground spring erupts in a geyser. The plot of this book strongly resembles that of Baum's The Lost Princess of Oz. Mandy leads Nox on a search for the missing monarch. Ugu the shoemaker steals magical artifacts and kidnaps a ruler.
The story opens with a dinner party, attended by seven of the characters from Baum's inaugural book. After a long session of reminisc The Wizard takes the Ozpril in pursuit and in search of the Oztober. The group reaches the palace of Glinda, though the sorceress is absent with Ozma.
Halidom and Troth are two adjacent principalities within the Land of Oz, both resembling medieval kingdoms. The people of Halidom have always derived their physical and mental abilities from three golden circlets worn by their ruler. The first and third circlets have been lost, with attendant loss of abilities by the subjects. Robin Brown, an orphan from Oregon, USA, rides a magic merry-go-round horse to the land of Oz.
Jonathan Andrew Manley, nicknamed Jam, is the son of a biologist. He is building a "collapsible kite" from plans he found in a popular magazine. Jam is amazed to find that his animals can now talk. Jam and his pets are imprisoned by Terp in the highest tower of his castle.
At the start of Snow's story, Princess Ozma and Glinda the Good are planning to leave Oz, to attend the Grand Council of the fairy queen Lurline. Chapter 3 shifts attention to the evil Mimics in their lair in Mount Illuso. The Mimics habitually shift "from one loathsome shape to another" &mdash.
Abbadiah and Zebbidiah Jones are twins from Buffalo, New York. They are confronted by a living toy clown, a duplicate of the familiar toy they have named Twoffle. This living version, who calls himself Tw Twiffle serves a sorcerer named Conjo. Meanwhile, a problem has arisen in the Emerald City in Oz.
The Beloved Returns is the story of one of Goethe's old romantic interests, a real historical figure by the name of Charlotte Kestner. Goethe had romanced Charlotte when they were young, but she had already been engaged to another man whom she truly loved. Ultimately, the romance ended unconsummated; afterwards, Goethe wrote a fictional depiction of these events, with some artistic changes.
Alex Rider is in a hospital recovering from an assassination attempt. Four masked men come to the hospital attempting to kidnap Paul Drevin, the son of Russian billionaire Nikolei Drevin. Alex fights the men, in an attempt to save Paul, he pretends to be Paul. At the airport, he is held up at customs and taken to the CIA.
The novel begins with the murder of Bill Tanner by Klaus Doberman, a German-South American drug lord. Enraged by his friend's death, Bond disobeys his official orders to get revenge. The synopsis of this book is as follows: "In this new high voltage spy thriller, Secret Agent 007 must "liquidate" ruthless billionaire kingpin KlausDoberman"
The book follows the story of the Bloggses, characters previously seen in the book Gentleman Jim. Jim and Hilda exhibit considerable confusion regarding the serious nature of what has happened after the nuclear attack. The book ends on an extremely bleak note, with them praying in their fallout shelter as almost certain death approaches.
Modesty Blaise and Willie Garvin are in Paris. Modesty is being wined and dined by René Vaubois, head of the French Deuxième Bureau. René asks Modesty for advice regarding a new protection racket. High-level people all over the world are receiving death threats.
Melanie's parents die in a plane crash over the Grand Canyon. She is moved to South London to live with her tyrannical uncle. She meets her mute aunt Margaret, who is mistreated by and terrified of her husband. Finn is assigned to help Melanie hone her acting skills.
The story is a recasting of the resurrection of Christ narrated in the New Testament. The man who survives his crucifixion comes to celebrate his bodily existence and sensuality. Lawrence himself summarized The Escaped Cock in a letter to Brewster: 'Thanks his stars he needn't have a mission any more'
Three anthropomorphic bears live together in a house in the woods. Southey describes them as very good-natured, trusting, harmless, tidy, and hospitable. One day an old woman discovers the bears' dwelling. She eats the Wee Bear's porridge, then settles into his chair and breaks it.
Solar Lottery takes place in a world dominated by logic and numbers. Loosely based on a numerical military strategy employed by U.S. and Soviet intelligence called minimax. The head of world government is chosen through a sophisticated, computerized lottery. If he loses his life a new Quizmaster, as well as another assassin, are again randomly selected.
Alvina Houghton, the daughter of a widowed Midlands draper, comes of age just as her father's business is failing. In a desperate attempt to regain his fortune and secure his daughter's proper upbringing, he buys a theater. Among the traveling performers he employs is Ciccio, a sensual Italian who immediately captures Alvina's attention.
Jack Holloway, a sunstone miner, lives a solitary life in a wilderness area of planet Zarathustra. One day, Holloway returns to his little shack to discover a tiny humanoid, covered in golden fur. The tiny people use ultrasonic frequencies, which to human ears sound like "yeek" When processed with the proper electronics, the sounds are rendered as a complex language.
The Sixth Doctor and Peri arrive on a mysterious space liner, where intergalactic policemen are investigating art thefts. A computer is suffering from a split personality and the Captain's disease threatens every living thing on the ship. The Sixth Doctor is joined by Peri on this adventure.
In 1949, 16-year-old Steven Traynor is stateside after fighting the Axis forces in the skies over Europe. Joining him on his train ride is Leni Muller, a defector from the German Luftwaffe. The squad is preparing for a bombing raid on Neopolis. The key target is the shipyards, home to all of the robotic and automaton residents.
Duc de Richleau and Simon Aron travel to Moscow to search for their friend Rex Van Ryn. They are followed off the train, but they are armed as the Duc smuggled two pistols along with fifty Hoyo de Monterrey cigars into the country through the British embassy. They find Rex the next day in the town where he is a prisoner.
In the second book of the series, the focus shifts from Morgon of Hed to Raederle of An. She was promised by her father to the man who won a riddle game with a ghost. In the previous book, this was revealed to be Morgon, but as this book opens, he has been missing for a year.
The first part of the novel, The Fabulous Idiot, narrates the birth of the gestalt. Lone adopts the baby, who has a phenomenal mental capacity and thinks almost like a computer. Together, Lone, Janie Gerry Thompson, a street urchin who has grown up in abusive institutions, is possibly sociopathic. Gerry's telepathic abilities are stronger than Lone's.
The novel relates an episode in the life of Aulus Perennius, a middle-aged operative of the Bureau of Imperial Affairs. He is accompanied by his protégé Gaius, a dashing young cavalry officer with an unfortunate tendency to act without thinking. Calvus, though taken for a male, is actually a female sent back from the far distant future to destroy the seed creche of monstrous aliens.
Harry and Clementine Kemble are adjusting to their new life without their mother. Viola intends "to marry the Reverend Mr Chisholm and have ten children" The tragic aspect of Perse's bizarre adolescent prank is the ensuing suicide attempt of Agnes Buttle, a middle-aged spinster.
The Phantom is born as Erik in Boscherville, a small town not far from Rouen, in the summer of 1831. His father is a well-known stonemason and dies in a construction accident. Erik is forced to spend his childhood locked in his home lest he or his mother become a target for the violent attentions of the very superstitious villagers. Erik becomes morbidly fascinated with mirrors and believes that they are capable of performing magic.
Lucas Corso, a mercenary book-dealer, specializes in acquiring rare and valuable editions for anonymous buyers and other book dealers. Liana Taillefer visits Corso in his hotel room and attempts to seduce him in return for "The Anjou Wine" A backpacker identifies herself as "Irene Adler", the name of an antagonist in the Sherlock Holmes stories. The Girl explicitly tells Corso that she is a fallen angel who rebelled against God and has
The Ticket That Exploded continues the adventures of Agent Lee in his mission to investigate and subvert the methods of mind control being used by The Nova Mob. From the book: The basic nova technique is very simple: Always create as many insoluble conflicts as possible and always aggravate existing conflicts.
The novel begins with the character of Harriet Byron leaving the house of her uncle, George Selby, to visit her cousins. She is an orphan who was educated by her grandparents, and, though she lacks parents, she is heir to Mr. Fowler, Sir Rowland Meredith and Sir Hargrave Pollexfen. The final one, PolLexfen, pursues Byron vigorously, which causes her to criticize him over a lack of morals.
The essay is signed by Roch Banville, Rosaire Beaule, Gérard Bélanger, Jean-Roch Boivin, Marc Brière, Pothier Ferland, Maurice Jobin, René. Lévesque proposes a sovereign Quebec that would be associated to the rest of Canada as part of a new Canadian Union.
Jack Chesney and Charley Wyckeham are undergraduates at Oxford University in love, respectively, with Kitty Verdun and Amy Spettigue. Charley receives word that his aunt, Donna Lucia d'Alvadore Babbs tells the boys about his own love, the daughter of an English officer called Delahey whom he met in Monte Carlo. Babbs also uses Jack's room to try on his costume for an amateur play.
" syndactyly" is a new book by pastry chef Jimmy Choo. The book explores the meaning of syndactly as an ailment and a life's philosophy. Jimmy Tock is held hostage by a trio of crazed history buff clowns led by none other than Punchinello Beezo.
Ramses comes to life in attempt to kill Henry, but succeeds only in scaring him away. Ramses had given himself the name "R Ramses the Damned", and had Egyptian priests seal him away underground. Cleopatra has secretly survived the crash and awakens under the care of a British doctor in Sudan. She vows to find Ramses again someday for revenge.
As a boy, the storyteller lost an arm and became an outcast to the villagers who rely heavily on their stonemasonry skills. The boy leaves the confines of the village, in order to seek a role for himself, and discovers his adeptness at telling stories. Periodically, he returns to the village charged with new stories to tell.
"The Gift" was first published in the November 1933 issue of North American Review. The story is about a boy who becomes a leader at school. "The Leader of the People" concerns a man named Junius Maltby. The last scene has the sympathetic teacher see Junius and his son on their way back to San Francisco.
The setting of Giles Foden's novel is historically accurate, and a number of historical figures appear as characters. The core of Ladysmith is a fictionalised version of a love story that Giles found in the letters of his great-grandfather. Bella, the Irish hotelkeeper's daughter, falls in love, first, with a British soldier; and later with a Portuguese barber.
Day-by-day account of the anthrax letter attacks in Florida and Washington, DC, for the period 2 to 15 October 2001. The development of a lethal, genetically engineered mousepox virus and its implications for bioterrorism. The potential for a similarly engineered super-smallpox virus for use by a terrorist is examined.
Nicholas Garrigan is a young Scottish doctor who goes to work in Uganda out of a sense of idealism and adventure. He relates how he came to be the personal physician and confidant of Amin, the president of Uganda from his coup d'état in 1971 until his deposition in 1979. The novel focuses on Garrigan's relationship and fascination with the president.
Obi-Wan Kenobi is assigned to the Jedi Agricultural Corps on the planet Bandomeer. The two must dodge Whiphids and Hutts on a mining ship, which is eventually hijacked by Offworld Corporation. The Jedi, Offworld, and Offworld's rival faction must work together to fight against predators and other threats.
Jedi Master Qui-Gon Jinn must face his past: his former apprentice, Xanatos, who has turned to the dark side of the Force. The Jedi Master must request the help of the boy he refused to have as his Padawan, the young Obi-Wan Kenobi.
Young Obi-Wan Kenobi is now the Padawan of the Jedi Master Qui-Gon Jinn. While preparing for their next mission, Obi- Wan celebrates his thirteenth birthday. Meanwhile, Yoda assigns them to the planet of Gala, where they must oversee elections between Prince Beju and two other candidates.
Robert Ross has enlisted in the army after the death of his sister. His sister, Rowena, has recently died from falling out of her wheelchair. Robert feels guilty because he was unable to save her. Robert builds a bond with Rodwell, and begins to love him.
"The Man Who Falls" consists of a series of concentrated retellings of previously published Batman stories, including Detective Comics #33. O'Neil's story begins with a young Bruce Wayne falling down a hole on the grounds of Wayne Manor. At the age of 14, Bruce leaves Gotham City to explore and obtain skills in martial arts and forensics.
Theresa Osborne is jogging when she finds a bottle on the beach. Inside is a letter of love and longing to "Catherine," signed simply "Garrett" Challenged by the mystery and pulled by emotions she doesn't fully understand, Theresa begins a search for this man that will change her life.
Randle Patrick McMurphy faked insanity to serve out his prison sentence, for statutory rape, in the hospital. The head administrative nurse, Mildred Ratched, rules the ward with a mailed fist and with little medical oversight. The story, narrated by the gigantic but docile half-Native American inmate "Chief" Bromden, focuses on the antics of the rebellious inmate.
Nicholas Marlow, an English engineer, loses his well-paid job. He responds to an advert by an English engineering company, the Spartacus Machine Tool Company of Wolverhamption. He is offered the post of the firm's representative in Italy. On arrival in Milan, he realizes that there is a huge backlog at his office, and that both Bellinetti, his personal assistant and his secretary are highly inefficient co-workers.
A group of scientists invent a device that detonates all nitrate-based explosive in its vicinity. The first half of the book explores the reactions of society, government and the scientists themselves. It also traces the scientists' slow progress in understanding the science behind their invention. The second half begins when the science is sufficiently well-understood that a second device can be built.
The Queen of Gala is dying. Her son, Prince Beju, wants to take the control of the whole planet. Young Jedi apprentice Obi-Wan Kenobi and his master, Qui-Gon Jinn, must find another heir to the throne. They must use a special device known as the "Mark of the Crown"
Obi-Wan Kenobi and Qui-Gon Jinn are ordered to the planet of Melida/Daan to rescue the Jedi Knight Tahl. There is a millennia-long war between the Melida and Daan factions. Both bands have forgotten the Young, an organization made up of orphaned children and teenagers who fight for peace. Obi-Wan decides to stay behind and help the Young bring peace.
Obi-Wan Kenobi has left the Jedi Order because of a civil war on the planet of Melida/Daan. Qui-Gon Jinn, Obi-Wan's former Jedi master, discovers a plot to destroy the Jedi Temple. While investigating, he receives notice that Obi- Wan wishes to rejoin the order.
Obi-Wan Kenobi is back in the Jedi Order. His master Qui-Gon Jinn is sure he will become a great Jedi Knight, but he is not sure that Obi-Wan should still be his Padawan. They must unite forces to investigate the recent attacks on the Jedi Temple, including a failed assassination attempt on Yoda.
Qui-Gon Jinn and Obi-Wan Kenobi go to the planet of Telos on an unofficial mission to apprehend Xanatos, the Dark Jedi who had tried to destroy the Jedi Temple. Upon their arrival, they are surprised to find that Xanatos wields significant financial and political power on Telos. The Jedi manage to escape the public execution with the help of Andra, a member of the POWER party.
Qui-Gon Jinn and Adi Gallia are sent with their young padawans to the planet of Kegan. They must pick up O-Lana - a Force-sensitive baby - and take her to the Jedi Temple. However, the nature of this culture ends up compromising the original mission. Siri Tachi and Obi-Wan Kenobi are mistaken for orphaned children and captured.
 Obi-Wan Kenobi and his master Qui-Gon Jinn can assist the planet of Rutan and Senali. They are nearly killed by a terrorist group, doublecrossed multiple times, and imprisoned by the people they are trying to assist. In the end, the peace between Rutan & Senali is re-established.
A murderer tries to kill Didi, a friend of Qui-Gon Jinn. He and his apprentice Obi-Wan Kenobi must stop the murderer. But they fail and the murderer, a bounty hunter by the name of Ona Nobis, starts going after them.
Jenna Zan Arbor is a mad woman who kidnaps Jedi Master Qui-Gon Jinn. Meanwhile, Obi-Wan Kenobi and Astri Oddo look for a cure. Along the way, they meet other characters, such as Cholly, Weez and Tup.
Detective is the story of Miami Police detective Malcolm Ainslie, who had previously trained to be a Catholic priest. A serial killer breaks free in Miami. He is a religious freak and he starts killing people feeling that he is the avenger of God. He leaves certain things at the murder scenes that are symbols from the Book of Revelation.
Dr. Samuel Fergusson sets out to travel across the African continent with the help of a hot-air balloon filled with hydrogen. This voyage is meant to link together the voyages of Sir Richard Burton and John Hanning Speke in East Africa with those of Heinrich Barth in the regions of the Sahara and Chad. The trip begins in Zanzibar on the east coast, and passes across Lake Victoria, Lake Chad, Agadez, Timbuktu and Djenné.
The story involves a widow named Minna Shaw. One evening, a witch falls from her broom when it loses the ability to fly and lands in the garden near her house. The broom is harmless, as all it does is sweep, but she teaches it how to feed the chickens, chop wood, and play the piano.
Piyali Roy is a young marine biologist, of Indian descent but stubbornly American. She is in search of a rare, endangered river dolphin, Orcaella brevirostris. Her journey begins with a disaster, when she is thrown from a boat into crocodile-infested waters.
Mark Brian, a young vicar, is sent to a Native Indian village called Kingcome in British Columbia. His bishop sends him, knowing that Mark is suffering from an unnamed, fatal disease. Mark is unaware of his terminal illness and his bishop does not tell him. Through various experiences and inter-relationships, Mark learns from the villagers and they from him.
 Irving's two protagonists-Graff, a young Austrian college student, and Siggy, an eccentric motorcycle mechanic-cum-philosopher-meet and embark on an adventure-filled motorcycle tour of Austria. The book's central plot concerns a plan to liberate all the animals from the Vienna Zoo, as happened just after the conclusion of World War II.
In the first section, Lady Rohana Ardais, a Comyn woman of young middle-age, travels with a band of Renunciates to the city Shainsa to free her kinswoman Melora who had been kidnapped. Magda is travelling into the Hellers to ransom her kidnapped ex-husband Peter. Her employers and people - the Terrans - have refused to rescue, again for political reasons.
To Have and to Hold is the story of an English soldier, Ralph Percy, turned Virginian explorer in colonial Jamestown. Ralph buys a wife for himself - a girl named Jocelyn Leigh - little knowing that she is the escaping ward of King James I, fleeing a forced marriage to Lord Carnal. Carnal, Jocelynn's husband-to-be, eventually comes to JamestOWN, not knowing that Ralph Percy and Jocelyne Leigh are man and wife.
The Historian is a novel about Vlad bepe_, a 15th-century prince of Wallachia known as "Vlad the Impaler", and his fictional equivalent Count Dracula. The tale is told primarily from the perspective of Paul found a handmade book in his study carrel when he was a graduate student in the 1950s. The film is based on a true story.
Severian, an apprentice in the torturers' guild, barely survives a swim in the River Gyoll. Master Palaemon gives Severian a letter of introduction to the archon of the city and Terminus Est, a magnificent executioner's sword. Severian falls in love with Thecla, a beautiful aristocratic prisoner.
The book continues shortly after the previous installment left off, skipping only Severian's journey from the gate of Nessus to the nearby town of Saltus. The book ends with Dorcas and Severian emerging from a stupor in the stone town, Jolenta dead and the witches and Hildegrin gone.
Set during the Tudor period of English history, When Knighthood Was in Flower tells the tribulations of Mary Tudor. King Henry has arranged for her to wed King Louis XII of France and demands his sister put the House of Tudor first. "You will marry France and I will give you a wedding present - Charles Brandon's head!"
The book is divided into three sections, written in completely different styles of prose. "The Spirit of the Bayonet" chronicles Pvt. James T. "Joker" Davis' days in the Marine Corps boot camp. "Body Count" shows some of Joker's life as a war correspondent for the Marines in 1968.
Paul Crabbe is taught piano by his teacher, Eduard Keller. Keller lost his family during The Holocaust, despite performing for Adolf Hitler in private concerts in the belief Hitler would spare his Jewish family. The book tracks Paul as he develops into a responsible, mature man from an obnoxious, egotistical teenager.
Aristotle's philosophy is divided into four books. Book I outlines "first philosophy", which is a knowledge of the first principles or causes of things. Book II surveys previous philosophies from Thales to Plato, especially their treatment of causes. Book III lists the main problems or puzzles of philosophy. Book IV or Gamma argues for its status as a subject in its own right.
The Seventh Doctor and Ace arrive on Heritage in the year 6048 to visit the Heyworths, who are old friends of the Doctor's. Nobody seems to want them on the planet, and certainly not poking their noses in. The Doctor doesn't want to get involved, but Ace can't help herself.
Jimmy's mother and father are murdered by their best friend, who is also the youngster's godfather and appointed guardian as well as the inventors' trustee. Jimmy must survive his guardian's efforts to squeeze the secret of the invention out of him, and then escape into hiding until he can grow into a physical stature commensurate with his mental age.
Rum Punch follows Jackie Burke, a 44-year-old airline stewardess, who has been bringing cash into the country for a gunrunner. When the cops try to use Jackie to get at Ordell Robbie, she hatches a plan-with help from bail bondsman Max Cherry-to keep the money for herself.
This novel covers the time from Merlin's sixth year until he becomes a young man. Merlin is the illegitimate son of a Welsh princess, who refuses to name his father. Small for his age and often abused or neglected, Merlin occasionally has clairvoyant visions. He eventually finds his way to the court of Ambrosius Aurelianus in Brittany.
Eddie is a cyborg with only his head and spinal column remaining of his original body. He finds himself on a ship full of idiots and that there is something going wrong. As the only intelligent life form on board it is up to him to find out what is happening.
Maria, a young girl from a remote village of Brazil, with innocent brushes with love failures and hatred for love goes to seek her fortune in Switzerland. After working in a nightclub as a samba dancer for a brief period, she realizes that this is not what she wants. She enters a life that leads her down the path of sexual awakening and almost leads to her self-destruction.
Bloodstone Pass combines a role-playing scenario with Battlesystem combat. In the plot, the player characters are hired to organize the defense of the town of Bloodstone Pass. The module's action focuses on leading the armies rather than having the battle occur in the background while the players adventure to find a MacGuffin.
The story focuses on Pilar, an independent young woman, who is frustrated with the grind of university life. Pilar's life takes a turn when she meets up with a childhood sweetheart. They set off on a journey through the French Pyrenees as the journey unfolds.
The story begins in 1986 when he Coelho undertakes his initiation into the order Regnus Agnus Mundi which he subsequently fails. He is then told that he must embark on a pilgrimage along the Strange Road to Santiago to find the sword that is the symbol of his acceptance into the ranks of RAM. He must do this to gain insight into the simplicity of life, the journey transforms him as he learns to understand the nature of truth.
The story alternates between the experiences of Conan and Lanna. A New Order ship discovers the island where Conan has been surviving for five years. The New Order seems to be resurrecting only the worst of the fallen civilization's qualities. Teacher has been hiding in Industria since the cataclysm, since it's the last place where the New Order would ever look for him.
Once a learned man from the northern regions of Europe went on a voyage south. One night, he sat on his terrace, while the fire behind him cast his shadow on the opposite balcony. The next morning he found to his surprise that he in fact had lost his shadow overnight.
The novel is told in the first person, from the narrative voice of a woman who travels to India to find out more about her step-grandmother, Olivia. Through the use of analepses the reader experiences the story from Olivia's point of view. We discover that Olivia, although at first glance seems simply to be a proper english woman, is actually smothered by British social restrictions. She meets the Nawab, who instantly charms her, and gradually lets her in to his life bit by bit.
The story opens with a brief first-person account of the funeral of Emily Grierson. It then proceeds in a nonlinear fashion to the narrator's recollections of Emily's archaic and increasingly insane behavior throughout the years. After her father's death, Emily revived somewhat; she became friendly with Homer Barron, a Northern laborer who came to the town as a contractor to pave the sidewalks.
When Storm Warning begins, we meet Emperor Charliss, the Eastern Emperor. Grand Duke Tremane, a Commander in the Army, is currently his favorite choice. He is sent to Hardorn, a country the Imperial Army recently invaded. Meanwhile, in Haven, the capital city of Valdemar, An'desha shena Jor'ethan, a young Shin'a'in Adept, is feeling lonely.
In the 20 years since the events chronicled in The Voyage of the Jerle Shannara, Grianne Ohmsford has become High Druid, or Ard Rhys, of the new Druid Council. In a bid for power, a group of Druids led by Shadea a'Ru use unorthodox magic called "liquid night" to send Griansne out of the Four Lands and into the Demon-infested world of the Forbidding.
Pen and his friends find allies among the Troll people, led by Kermadec and his semi-estranged brother Atalan, who aid them in locating the mystical Tanequil tree on a ravine-surrounded island. Meanwhile, the corrupt Federation army has unleashed a devastating new airship-mounted weapon in their war against the Elven and Free-born armies.
Pen Ohmsford finds his companions-the Dwarf Tagwen and a small troll force led by Kermadec and his brother Atalan-captured by Druid forces. Pen agrees to be taken prisoner in exchange for their release. In a daring airship rescue, Bek and company save the Trolls and Tagwen from a maraud Pied Sanderling.
The story is a recording of a medium's meditation over the future writing of the text. It details the narrator's expedition to the North Pole during the 20th century on board the Boreal. He finds a huge, clear lake of spinning water with a rock island. He travels the country by locomotive wherever possible, using cars for further progress.
Two sisters, Grace and Marion, live happily in an English village. Marion, the younger, is bethrothed to Albert Heathfield. On the day that Albert is to return, it is found out that Marion has run off. Her supposed elopement causes much grief to both her father and her sister.
Rebecca is the second eldest of seven children. She is sent to live with her two aunts, Miranda and Jane Sawyer. Miranda determines to do her duty and train Rebecca to be a proper young lady. The middle part of the novel is taken up with describing the life of Riverboro and the people who live there.
Mr. Popper and his family receive their second penguin in the mail. The pair of penguins are revitalized by each other's presence. As time passes, Greta lays an egg every three days until the total reaches ten. Mr. Poppers decides to raise money by training the twelve penguins and turning them into a circus act.
Thomas More's Utopia is based on correspondence between Thomas More and people he met on the continent. Utopia has a welfare state with free hospitals, euthanasia permissible by the state, priests being allowed to marry, divorce permitted, premarital sex punished by a lifetime of enforced celibacy and adultery punished by enslavement.
The book begins with the words "There's been an accident! Something's wrong!" - and something is. There is a ghost. She does not know who she is, or how she died, or quite where she is. All she knows is that there has been a terrible accident. The as-yet unnamed heroine finds herself attracted to a large building, a boys' boarding school. After a little detective work, the disembodied spirit concludes that she is Sally Melford.
Most of the plot takes place in Time City, which exists outside of what we know as History. The Time Lady is the consort of Faber John, another legendary figure. The Observers are being recalled from history, and this includes the real Vivian Lee and her family.
"Bud, and Not Buddy" is the story of ten-year-old Bud Caldwell, an orphan living in Flint, Michigan in 1936 during the Great Depression. Since the death of his mother, years earlier, Bud has been living in an orphanage, as well as short stints in several foster homes. The story opens with Bud being placed with a new foster family, the Amoses, where Bud soon meets Todd Amos, their tormenting twelve year old son.
Arthur Pendennis is the only child of a prosperous physician or apothecary now deceased. He and his foster-sister Laura are raised in the village of Fairoaks by his indulgent mother. At age 18, Pen falls in love with an actress, Emily Fotheringay. Emily's father, Captain Costigan, believes that Pen is rich and wants Pen to marry his daughter.
Leading character, Constance Middleton, is a calm, intelligent and self-possessed wife of a successful London doctor. She first deftly conceals the affair from the husband, and then tells her family that she has known all along. The modern wife, she explains, is nothing but a parasite, "a prostitute who doesn't deliver the goods"
The novel introduces readers to young Nathaniel "Nat" Bowditch, the son of a ship Captain. Nat loves school, especially mathematics. He dreams of someday attending Cambridge, Massachusetts's Harvard University. Eventually, he ends up as an indentured servant to a ship's chandler, or outfitter.
The novel opens with the trial of Obi Okonkwo on a charge of accepting a bribe. It then jumps back in time to a point before his departure for England. The members of the Umuofia Progressive Union have taken up a collection to send Obi to England to study law. But once there, Obi switches his major to English and meets Clara Okeke for the first time.
Eleven-year-old Claudia Kincaid decides to run away from home comfortably. She chooses the Metropolitan Museum of Art in New York City. A new exhibit draws sensational crowds and fascinates the children. They research it on site and at the Donnell Library.
The story is based around two tribes: the Milago and the Bedoowan. The Milago live in little huts without running water or even outhouses. They have to mine for a valuable stone called glaze every hour of the day in order to meet the demands of Kagan.
Sara Louise Bradshaw becomes frustrated with the unceasing attention her golden-haired sister Caroline receives. Sara Louise eventually leaves the island to move to a small town in the mountains called Truitt. Caroline is considered the "miracle child" because she was near death during birth. She is an amazing singer and pianist.
The novel begins with Nicky DeSota, a timid mortgage broker in a fascist America. Nyla Christophe is an FBI agent investigating a break-in at a government lab. She meets an identical version of himself-a Senator DeSOTA-who is captured by a detachment of troops from yet another universe.
Iphigenia has been serving as her priestess on Tauris. She longs more and more to return to her homeland. Orestes has pleaded with Apollo to release him from their anger. Apollo has answered through his oracle at Delphi, saying that his guilt will be redeemed if he brings his sister back to Greece.
Golden Globe and Steel Beach take place in a universe similar to, but different from, Varley's "Eight Worlds" universe. In both universes, the solar system has been colonized by human refugees fleeing aliens invading the Earth. The character is more fully identified as Elwood P. Dowd and said to look very much like actor James Stewart.
Bud Corliss is a young man with a ruthless drive to rise above his working-class origins to a life of wealth and importance. He serves in the Pacific in World War II, and upon his honorable discharge in 1947 he learns that his father was killed in an automobile accident while he was overseas. Upon returning to the U.S., he enrolls in college and meets Dorothy Kingship, the daughter of a wealthy copper tycoon. When she tells him she is pregnant, he panics; he is sure that her stern, conservative father will disinherit her. Resolving to get rid of Dorothy, he tricks her into writing a letter that, to an unknowing observer, would look like a suicide note, and then throws her from a tall building.
Hermann Karlovich, a Russian emigre businessman, meets a tramp in the city of Prague, whom he believes to be his exact double. Hermann is married to Lydia, a sometimes silly and forgetful wife who has a cousin named Ardalion. It is insinuated at times that Lydia and Ardalion are, in fact lovers.
Rebel Alliance Rogue Squadron is activated months before training was finished. On the way to their new base on Talasea, the squadron is pulled out of hyperspace by an Imperial Interdictor Cruiser. After a few more attacks by the Rogues Loor, a genius with a photographic memory, determines where they are based.
Stephen owns a small restaurant which employs Sweeney, Mugsy and Frankie. A third waiter, Tony, is mentioned but never appears in the play. Every Sunday after closing, the staff and Stephen's son, Carl play a poker game. Carl has a severe gambling addiction which he believes he has kept hidden from his father. He currently owes £4,000 to Ash, his poker mentor, who, in turn, owes £10,000.
The novel is set in 2178 AD and follows the story of Maxim Kammerer, an experienced investigator of COMCON-2. He receives an order to track down a man named Lev Abalkin, who was not supposed to return to Earth but has returned nevertheless. The order was issued by in secret by Rudolf Sikorski , the chief of COM Con 2.
Dr. John Berry, the protagonist, is a pathologist working in Boston during the 1960s, a time when abortion was illegal in the United States. The story opens with an introduction of the various requirements and challenges of the medical profession during the era. Subsequently he investigates the personal life of the dead woman, creating an accurate portrait of her past, psychology, and character.
Philip Marsham is orphaned when his father's ship is lost at sea. An accident with a gun causes him to flee London, leaving behind a small inheritance. He meets two men, Tom Jordan and Martin Barwick, who claim to be fellow sailors. When they reach Bideford, Martin leads the Phil is promoted to replace the captain after he is killed in an accident.
Hitty was carved in the early 19th century for a young girl from Maine. The story details Hitty's adventures as she travels from owner to owner over the course of a century. She ends up living in locations as far-flung as Boston, New Orleans, India, and an island in the South Pacific.
A month after the conquest of Borleias, the Rebels and Rogue Squadron have to deal with Imperial probes by the rogue Warlord Zsinj. The Provisional Council of the Alliance, including Princess Leia Organa and Borsk Fey'lya, decide that an invasion of Coruscant must proceed. Meanwhile, the Imperial forces, led by Ysanne Isard, are creating a virus that attacks non-humans, the Krytos Virus.
Wedge Antilles, fresh back from the Bacta War on Thyferra, decides to make a new fighter squadron/commando team. While pitching the idea to Admiral Ackbar, he proposes a way to build the squadron without any cost to the New Republic: he'll use screw-ups, wash-outs, and pilots who are a hair's breadth of being kicked out of Fighter Command. The novel focuses on Wraith Squadron's antics as it goes undercover as the crew of Night Caller, an Imperial blockade runner.
Thirteen-year-old Ginger becomes the target of a disturbed lady who believes that Ginger is her dead daughter. Joyce uses the help of her brother-in-law while Ginger's parents are out of town to speak to Ginger and convinve Ginger to go with Joyce.
Younger Brother, a Navajo Indian living in Arizona in the 1920s, wishes to follow in the footsteps of his uncle and become a medicine man. He must undergo several arduous years of training, to learn all of the ancient songs and customs of his ancestors. This includes a journey to the Pacific Ocean in the far west, participating in traditional ceremonies, and climbing the nearby Waterless Mountain.
The plot focuses on three key events that happen mostly simultaneously. The first is the occupation of Coruscant and the trouble the Empire left behind. The second is the treason trial of Rogue Squadron executive officer Tycho Celchu. Finally, Corran Horn is being held prisoner in her Lusankya prison facility. It becomes a race against time to save the innocent and reveal the true traitor.
Langdon Towne is a young Congregationalist resident of Kittery, Maine. He is in love with Elizabeth Browne, the youngest daughter of Anglican minister Rev. Arthur Browne of nearby Portsmouth, New Hampshire. Towne impresses Major Robert Rogers with a discussion about the Northwest Passage.
The story opens up when a group of lawyers are meeting to take down Telecon corporations. Each and every one of the lawyers are hit with a type of rhinovirus that the US Army Medical Research Institute of Infectious Diseases class Nick and a few police officers at the scene move up to the lawyers office to see nine horribly Calcified bodies.
The Prison Memoirs is a memoir of the life of anarchist activist Jack Berkman. Written in first person, present tense, English , it reads like a diary, though it was in fact written after Berkman's release. It is a coming-of-age story that tracks the loss of his youthful sentimental idealism as he struggles with the physical and psychological conditions.
Rudy Baylor is about to graduate from Memphis State Law School. He secures a position with a Memphis law firm, which he then loses when the firm is bought up. Rudy signs two clients. One is his new elderly landlady. The other is a poor family, Dot and Buddy Black. Their insurance bad faith case could be worth several million dollars.
The plot revolves around fourteen colonists of the world Delmak-O. They inhabit a universe in which the deities of their religion can be contacted through a network of prayer amplifiers and transmitters. The group eventually discover that they are all criminally insane and part of a psychiatric experiment in rehabilitation.
The Bloodstone Mines lead to the duergar kingdom of Deepearth, and the Temple of Orcus. This is an attempt to gain an ancient treasure to help the belagured innocent citizens of Bloodstone Pass. The module includes two Battlesystem conflicts, between armies of gnomes andDuergar.
Plot revolves around a household in Paris: Mr Ruche, an elderly wheelchair-using bookseller. The household sets up its own exploration of mathematics in order to crack the code of the last messages from an old friend, now apparently murdered. Mathematical topics covered in the book include primes and factors; irrational and amicable numbers.
The story begins at the turn of the 20th century. Professor Abednego Danner lives in a small, rural Colorado town. Danner experiments with a tadpole , and a pregnant cat, whose kitten displays incredible strength and speed, managing to maul larger animals. When his wife becomes pregnant with their first child, Danner duplicates his experiment on his unknowing wife.
Marlowe is portrayed as a secretive, solitary and eventually isolated person. Burgess explores his sexual addiction and passion for the theatre. Early in his spying career, Marlowe is instrumental in the discovery of the Babington Plot, but is sickened by the execution of the conspirators.
Myles Falworth is the son of Lord Gilbert Reginald Falworth, attainted for being King Richard's councilor. The story begins in 1400, the year after the abdication of Richard II of England and accession of Henry IV. Most of the action of the novel is in Derbyshire, England.
The story is set in a small frontier town under the jurisdiction of a political entity known only as "the Empire" The town's magistrate is the story's protagonist and first-person narrator. His rather peaceful existence in the town comes to an end with the declaration of a state of emergency and arrival of the Third Bureau.
Young Robin wants to be a knight like his father, but his dreams are endangered when he loses the use of his legs. A doctor reassures Robin that the weakness in his legs is not caused by the plague and the doctor is supposed to come and help him but does not. Robin is saved by Brother Luke, a friar, who finds him and takes him to a monastery and cares for him.
Wright defines progress using the Victorian terms "the assumption that a pattern of change exists in the history of mankind" Wright uses the term "progress trap" to refer to innovations that create new problems for which the society is unable or unwilling to solve. Wright concludes that "our present behaviour is typical of failed societies at the zenith of their greed and arrogance"
After the death of Grand Admiral Thrawn in Timothy Zahn's The Last Command, the New Republic has decided to go after the numerous warlords terrorizing the galaxy. The mission seems straightforward at first, but then Isard appears from the dead, offering her services and using New Republic prisoners as bait.
Phanan and Kell devise an elaborate plot to bait Phanan and Face recruit Lara Notsil, who is actually Gara Petothel in disguise. They offer her a spot in Wraith Squadron if she agrees to help bring down Repness. Lara refuses to join them, and before they can do anything, Donos shoots both of them dead with his sniper rifle.
 Wraith Squadron is once again tasked with destroying Warlord Zsinj. This time, they are assigned to General Han Solo, who is heading up the New Republic task force. Face, who has just been promoted to Brevet Captain and given command of the squad, delves deeper into the history of Lara Notsil.
The main character, Fortunato, wants to escape the throes of his sisters and parents by joining the revolutionaries vying to overthrow Batista's regime. Arenas seamlessly weaves in and out of the domestic voices that scream of the emotion and convention. Despite his courageous efforts, death remains outside the backyard rolling the wheel of his bicycle.
Hal and Roger Hunt go to Greenland to capture wild animals and send them to their father's animal farm on Long Island. With the help of Nanook, a huge polar bear, and Olrick, an Eskimo, they capture lots of animals. They meet a mean American called Zeb who is determined to kill the two teenagers.
Ingrey is sent by his lord to take custody of Ijada, who has killed an heir to the kingdom, and bring her to the capital. They become entangled in Wencel's grand plan, which is finally nearing fruition. In the end, IjADA and Ingrey together defeat him and marry at the plot's resolution.
Sriram is a high school graduate who lives with his grandmother in Malgudi, the fictional Southern Indian town in which much of Narayan's fiction takes place. Sriram is attracted to Bharati, a girl his age who is active in Mahatma Gandhi's Quit India movement, and he becomes an activist himself. The story ends with their engagement amidst the tragedy of India's partition in 1947.
The main storyline often branches out to flashbacks of significant events in John Wade's past. As a child John was frequently abused verbally and emotionally by his alcoholic father. John was devastated after his father's death and channeled his grief into magic. Wade met his future wife Kathy during their college years, becoming intimate with her despite his secretive nature.
Samuel W. Westing left a $200 million fortune to his 16 heirs. The will takes the form of a puzzle, dividing the heirs into eight pairs. Each pair is given a different set of clues which consist of almost all of the lyrics from "America The Beautiful" As an incentive, each heir is given $10,000 to play.
The story takes place in the province of Arcangel, Southern Spain. Manolo Olivar is the son of Juan Olivar, a renowned bullfighter who was killed in the ring when Manolo was only three. Everyone in the town always speaks of how great Manolo's father was, but Manolo wants to know the truth.
In 1687, 16-year-old Katherine Tyler leaves her home in Barbados after her grandfather's death. She goes to live with her Aunt Rachel and Uncle Matthew in their Puritan community. She finds Connecticut very different from Barbados. In her previous home, she had servants but here is expected to work along with the rest of the family.
Cusi is a 20th century Incan boy who lives in a high mountain valley with an old llama herder named Chuto. Chuto raised Cusi in a traditional Incan fashion, although the Spanish culture was prevalent in Peru since the conquest of the Incan Empire. CUSi sets out from his home to try to find a family.
The Bloodstone Wars consists of a Battlesystem scenario depicting a battle to rid a city of a bandit horde. The module is designed for 1st edition AD&D and makes considerable use of some rules that were removed in 2nd edition. Players without Battlesystem would likely feel they were not getting full value from the module.
The play is a series of flashbacks to the 1972-1973 school year as seven seniors and one freshman try to "discover themselves" in the wake of second-wave feminism.  Alumnae of Mount Holyoke College meet for lunch one day in 1978 and talk about their time together in college.
The laws of war remained largely unwritten until U.S. President Abraham Lincoln approved the Instructions for the Government of Armies of the United States in the Field, in 1863. Taylor cites possible war crimes in regard to the Son My incident, which is more commonly known as the My Lai Massacre of 1968.
In 27 short chapters, Calvino makes philosophical observations about the world around him. The first section is concerned chiefly with visual experience; the second with anthropological and cultural themes; the third with speculations about larger questions such as the cosmos, time, and infinity. For example, chapter 1.2.3, "The infinite lawn" has elements of all three themes.
Hashi and Kiku were both abandoned by their mothers during infancy and locked in coin lockers at a Tokyo train station in the summer of 1972. Both boys become wards of the Cherryfield Orphanage in Yokohama, where the tough and athletic Kiku comes to the defense of the slight, and often picked on, Hashi. At the age of 16 both find themselves in a diseased urban wasteland in Tokyo named Toxitown.
The Sundial tells the story of the residents of the Halloran house, opening on the evening of the funeral of Lionel Halloran, the house's master. Orianna, a cousin of the main character, invites two young women to stay with her. They become frightened when they Gloria describes visions of the end of the world and the Eden-like paradise that will come afterwards.
Audrey Rose Hoover and her mother died in a fiery car crash in 1964. Eleven years later, Elliot Hoover believes he has found Audrey's reincarnated soul in the body of 10-year-old Ivy Templeton. When Ivy dies during a hypnotic reenactment of Audrey's death throes, the Templetons are devastated and Elliot disappears.
The March is a historical fiction novel set in late 1864 and early 1865 near the conclusion of the American Civil War. Central to the novel is the character of General William Tecumseh Sherman. While the novel revolves around the decisions of General Sherman, the novel has no specific main character. Instead, Doctorow retells Civil War history according to the individual lives of a large and diverse cast of characters.
The story follows the life of a young woman, Selina Peake De Jong, who decides to be a school teacher in farming country. During her stay on the Pool family farm, she encourages the young Roelf Pool to follow his interests, which include art. As Dirk gets older, he works as an architect but is more interested in making money than creating buildings and becomes a stock broker, much to his mother's disappointment.
The boggart has lived in Castle Keep since ages past, wreaking havoc upon the MacDevons who've lived there. The Volnik family from Toronto have no intention of inhabiting the drafty tumbledown castle that they've inherited from their great-uncle MacDevon. The sulking Boggart is most displeased to find himself mistakenly shipped to Canada inside an antique desk destined for Emily Volnik's room.
John Cameron Butler, a young boy from a Pennsylvanian Colony in America is taken hostage during a raid by a Lenni Lenape tribe during territorial wars. He is adopted by tribesman Cuyloga into the Native American society and rechristened "True Son" Believing himself to be of Indian blood, he hates the colonists, and 11 years later, the American military men come to return him to his colonial home.
The plot revolves around interstellar battles and the relationship between two humans, a male naval officer and a female pilot. Lieutenant Gareth Martinez, a provincial peer, and Cadet Sula, head of the Sula clan, meet after participating in the rescue attempt of a yachtsman named Blitsharts. Martinez sends Sula regular messages which include comedy and literature to entertain her during the long journey home.
The poem opens with Perceval, whose mother has raised him apart from civilization in the forests of Wales. Since his father's death, he continually encounters knights and realizes he wants to be one. Despite his mother's objections, the boy heads to King Arthur's court, where a young girl predicts greatness for him. He is taunted by Sir Kay, but amazes everyone by killing a knight who had been troubling King Arthur.
Adam Loveday was born in Cornwall in 1767 as the son of Edward and Marie. He has a twin brother, St John, who is determined to inherit the family estate and shipyard. Adam is described as being tall, with dark shoulder length hair, a lean build and deeply tanned skin.
Ape and Essence is presented in its entirety, without remark by interruption, footnote or afterword. It begins with a vignette describing the destruction of the world by nuclear and chemical warfare at the hands of intelligent baboons. The story then advances to a time 100 years after the catastrophic events of World War III.
When the Lovedays' banker is found dead in the river Thames, his legacy of debts and foolish investments plunges the family into financial chaos. As Adam struggles to face this new challenge, he falls in love with the mysterious gypsy woman Senara despite his father's censure. Meanwhile St John, encouraged by his wife Meriel, throws in his lot with a gang of smugglers in order to win the riches both of them have always dreamed of.
Adam returns to his home to find his father threatening to disown him. To support his wife and new child, he becomes an undercover agent. Meanwhile, his brother St John is making a fortune as a smuggler. But his success has made him an enemy of Thadeous Lanyon. When Lanyon attacks Meriel and causes her to lose her baby, he is soon found murdered.
Marjorie Morgenstern is a New York Jewish girl in the 1930s. Her family has recently moved from a poorer ethnically Jewish neighborhood in the Bronx to the wealthier neighborhood on Manhattan's Upper West Side. Marjorie meets Noel Airman, an older man who has won some fame as a composer, and Wally Wronken, a younger man who hopes to become a playwright.
The novel is set in early 20th century India in the estate of the Bengali zamindar Nikhil. He marries Bimala, a woman who is both of a lower status and of a darker complexion, which is contradictory to his family traditions. Their love is idyllic and both are dedicated to one another until the appearance of his friend and radical revolutionist, Sandip.
Reed Shelton is out to make the perfect camping trip with his wife, Beck. As the couple makes camp for the night, they encounter a strange, unearthly wail accompanied by a set of glowing eyes. In a blur of action, Beck is snatched up by a creature and dragged into the night.
Dr Ben Cory was sent to find the city, following a map left by Jose de Carlon, who rediscovered the city in 1536, but whose men succumbed to madness shortly thereafter. Cory is also missing. He wishes to hire Dr Cooper to retrieve valuable artwork from Central America that were recovered from the tomb of Toco-Rey.
Such a Long Journey takes place in Mumbai, Maharashtra, in the year 1971. The novel's protagonist is a hard-working bank clerk Gustad Noble. A letter that Gustad receives one day from an old friend, Major Bilimoria, slowly draws him into a government deception.
Roffe and Sons is a family firm, an international empire filled with desperate, cash-hungry family members. At its head was one of the wealthiest men in the world, a man who has just died in a mysterious accident and left his only daughter, Elizabeth, in control. With this, her relatives hoped to be allowed to steal their stocks since the company's bylaws prevent it from becoming public.
Tracy Whitney, the protagonist of the story, is a young, beautiful,and intelligent woman working as a computer operator for a bank in Philadelphia. Tracy learns that Joe Romano, the main assistant of New Orleans' mafia leader Anthony Orsatti, had framed her mother into a legal case relating to fraud. She naively decides to bring her mother's name in the clear Tracy grabs the gun during the struggle and accidentally fires a shot at Romano.
Leslie Stewart, his betrayed fiancée, is a woman dedicated to the single purpose of bringing Oliver Russell to ruin. After amassing her own media empire and marshaling all her forces against him, she stands poised to destroy Russell on the eve of his most dazzling triumph. The book ends with the proposal of a peace pact, brokered by President Russell, among the Arab nations.
Harry Stanford is a rich businessman. While travelling on his yacht, he mysteriously falls overboard owing to a storm. He leaves his entire fortune, estimated to be around six to seven billion dollars to his three children-Tyler, a circuit court judge, Kendall a successful fashion designer and Woodrow.
The story begins with Kate Blackwell's ninetieth birthday celebrations in 1982. The story then moves one hundred years back to the arrival of Scotsman Jamie MacGregor in South Africa in 1883. Jamie creates a company called Kruger Brent and pours all his attention into the business. In 1892, Jamie and Margaret have a daughter Kate.
Joanna Lander interviews patients who have had near-death experiences. She finds herself in a dark passage that, through further NDEs, she realizes is part of a dream-like version of the RMS Titanic. She encounters passengers of the real Titanic as well as someone symbolically near death. Richard Wright, on hearing that Joanna is dying or dead, enters an artificial NDE.
Lauren Hartke and her film director husband, Rey Robles, are occupying an isolated house outside New York City. Rey is found dead of a self-inflicted gunshot wound in his first wife's Manhattan apartment. A bereaved Lauren remains alone in the house against the advice of her friends and relatives.
The narrator discovers her ancestor's struggle for her land, whilst seeking to establish herself as an American citizen.  The quiet brahmin girl from Bengal becomes a passionate resister of foreign rule, against the British Raj. The narrator discovers the struggles of her ancestor, whilst trying to establish her own identity.
Dimple Dasgupta has an arranged marriage to Amit Basu, an engineer. They move to the United States and experience culture shock and loneliness. At one point, she jumps rope to escape her pregnancy. As frustration becomes expressed as abuse, the tale turns to tragedy.
St John Loveday has been cleared of murder, but forced to leave England for America until the scandal of his trial dies down. His wife Meriel has left him to seek her fortunes elsewhere, and Adam is still at sea on his ship Pegasus. Japhet is spurned by the love of Gwendolyn Druce, leaves the peace of Cornwall for London. There he begins an affair with the treacherous actress Celestine Yorke.
The story revolves around Tara who was raised in Calcutta, educated at Vassar College in New York and is married to an American man. The novel explores her sense of culture shock when she travels back to India intertwined with the political situation inCalcutta and West Bengal.
Japhet Loveday has been convicted of highway robbery and sent to prison. He faces deportation to the penal colony of Botany Bay. His wife Gwendolyn races to prove his innocence, but powerful men are working to ensure she will be too late. Edward L loveday's marriage is stretched to breaking point as he struggles to hold together the shipyard and family estate.
Lozen was the only unmarried woman allowed to ride with the warriors and fight alongside them. The Apaches believe that when she was young, the spirits blessed her with horse magic, the gift of healing and the power to see enemies at a distance. With Geronimo and fifteen other warriors, she resisted the combined forces of the United States and Mexican armies.
Kaye Fierch is a young nomad who tours the country with her mother's rock band. Kaye begins to look for her old "imaginary" friends. She is soon kidnapped by a group of fairies, as planned and is taken to the Unseelie.
This novel covers the time from when Arthur Pendragon was conceived to when he was crowned a king. In this version, Merlin's father is Aurelius Ambrosius, the Roman war leader, Uther Pendragon's brother. Merlin is depicted as twenty-two years old at the beginning of the book, which opens on the morning after the conception of Arthur.
Malenfant travels in a prototype fusion engine to the Kirkwood Gap and discovers an interstellar teleportation device. His travels around the galaxy uncover information about the Fermi paradox. The story ends with Malenfant helping the Gaijin build a shield to prevent a pulsar from sterilizing a large part of the galaxy.
Suzanne Vale is a successful TV talk show hostess with a six year old daughter, a gay ex-husband, and an aging starlet mother. When Vale, a recovering drug addict, stops taking her medication, she is plunged into a manic episode. A psychotic break lands Vale at Shady Lanes, where she is the "latest loony to hit the bin"
In 1845, Mexico would not relinquish its claim to Texas. Under the command of General Zachary "Old Rough and Ready" Taylor, Sarah signed on as a laundress and cook. While the battle raged around her, Sarah became a familiar figure through the haze of sulfurous blue smoke and the stench of exploding gunpowder.
Walk in My Soul is the story of Tiana Rogers of the Cherokee, the young Sam Houston, and the Trail of Tears. Houston falls in love with Tiana, but due to their differing racial and cultural backgrounds, conflict ensues. Known as the "father of Texas", the young Houston ran away on a lark to live among the Cherokee.
"Old Man" Jackson declared war on the Seminole. He never envisioned battling a people who would become symbols of courage, loyalty, and patriotism. Led by the mighty warrior Osceola and witnessed by his beloved daughter Little Warrior, they were men and women fighting an unjust war of greed and aggression.
The book covers the conclusion of her and Henry's relationship with June, as well as her relationships with her analysts. Among other events, she re-establishes contact with her absent father Joaquín Nin, becomes pregnant with Miller's child and eventually has an abortion. She examines all of these events with a sharp eye through the filters of psychoanalysis.
With the death of his father, St John Loveday is finally master of Trevowan. But his success is blighted by the presence of his treacherous wife Meriel. St John soon turns to drink and gambling while his hatred towards his brother continues to fester. Adam meanwhile has been putting all his energy into rebuilding the ruined estate of Boscabel.
Elijah was able to reach an ultimate level of spiritual awareness and have the most powerful relationship with God. For a considerable portion of the story Elijah is very compliant, obeying everything God's angels say. Eventually he realizes that his destiny is not being chosen by him but by God and ultimately he decides to abide by his own desires and will.
A story about Paulo and his wife as they embark on an adventure to find his guardian angel. The plot involved Paulo going to the Mojave Desert to meet "the Valkyries" themselves. At the beginning of the story, "J" shows him a copy of the poem by Wilde that says "we destroy what we love"
Adam Dalgliesh stumbles across a most bizarre and frightening murder. A local detective novelist, Maurice Seton, becomes himself the subject of investigation. His boat washes ashore with his body inside, with both his hands cut off, seemingly with a meat cleaver. The scene of his death is mirrored in a manuscript for the new thriller he was writing.
Dale Stewart returns to Elm Haven, Illinois, where the events of Summer of Night took place. Dale is remembering these events as more pleasant than what actually happened. He will soon recall the truth and also must deal with current-day Neo-Nazis. The book is published by Simon & Schuster.
The story details the life of a horse in the western United States from his birth to his eventual decline. It takes place after the 1910s, during which the West dies away and there are cars. Smoky is born in the wild, but is captured and trained by a cowboy named Clint.
Dobry is a young boy who lives in a small farming village in Bulgaria with his widowed mother and grandfather. While still young, Dobry discovers a found love for art, in which he displays an unusually high amount of natural talent. In order to pay for the art supplies he needs to practice, he takes on the job as the village cow herder.
The action of the play may be assumed to take place over a period of many months, or even a few years. Len, a young London man, has a new girlfriend, Pam. Pam becomes pregnant by Fred, and has his baby. Pam fights with Len and with her mother Mary while the neglected baby cries continually.
The story opens with the discovery of a castaway in the Black Sea. A chain of failures at the Soviet Union's plant that makes fungicide for wheat has led to the inadvertent poisoning of the wheat crop. Hardliners in the Politburo come up with a different strategy: to take the food from the West by invading Western Europe.
As in the first book, Gump stumbles through historical American events through the 1980s and early 1990s. Frequent spelling and grammar mistakes, in the text, are used as a device to indicate the character's deficient education and cognitive difficulties. The story suggests that the real-life events surrounding the film have affected Forrest's life.
 Harvest Home is narrated in the first person by Ned Constantine, and describes events surrounding himself, his wife Beth, and their daughter Kate. The family relocates to the country, where Ned can pursue an artistic career. The villagers adhere stubbornly to what they call "the old ways" Ned gradually becomes aware of the paganism that underlies life in Cornwall Coombe.
Candy Christian is an extremely pretty and desirable but naïve young woman. She finds herself in a variety of farcical sexual situations as a result of her desire to help others. The men in her life, regardless of age or relationship, wish only to possess her. When Candy fears she is pregnant, he tells her the next phase of her spiritual journey is beginning.
In 1987, Bartholomew "Barley" Scott Blair, a heavy-drinking British book publisher, attends a book fair in Soviet Moscow. A beautiful Soviet woman named Katya seeks Barley out at another book fair, hoping to convince him to publish a manuscript for her friend Yakov. The manuscript is in truth details the Soviets' nuclear capabilities and atomic secrets.
In 1940, after the fall of France, the fictitious Channel Island of Armorel is occupied by a small garrison of German troops under the benign command of Hauptmann Weiss. Back in London, the Ministry of Agriculture realise that Venus, a valuable pedigree Guernsey cow, remains on the island. They petition the War Office to mount a rescue operation.
The novel's emphasis is on the characters. Critics have stated that, once the book has focused on a particular character, he/she is relegated to the background and never again returns to prominence. Mario Puzo has stated: "The Fourth K was a commercial failure-but it was my most ambitious book."
The King of Barodia receives a pair of seven-league boots as a birthday present. His habit of flying over the King of Euralia's castle provokes a series of incidents which escalate into war. His daughter Hyacinth tries to rule in his stead and counter the machiavellian ambitions of the king's favourite.
Michio Kaku tries to explain higher dimensions, first analyzing the history of higher dimensions of space. He then goes on to detail theories concerning the 2-D world, named "Flatland" The end of the book discusses such topics as wormholes, parallel universes and the fate of the universe.
In The Throne of Bloodstone, the player characters take a trip to the Abyss to steal the wand of the demon prince Orcus. A war against the Witch-King of Vaasa has come to a standstill. The players venture into the ' Abyss', destroy a mighty demon, steal the Wand of Orcus and take it to the Seven Heavens to be destroyed.
9 year old Karl Lejon has found out that he is going to die. His adored big brother, 13 year old Jonatan, calms him down. In the afterlife, all men will go to a land on the other. Jonatan rescues his little brother by carrying him on his back and jumping out the window.
Adam Coopersmith, an Obstetrician and Immunologist, helps in saving the life of Thomas Hartnell, known as the "Boss" Adam is drawn to Anya Avilov, the childless and abandoned wife of a Russian émigré. Isabel Da Costa is the daughter of Raymond Da Costa, and is a genius with an IQ far above average.
Gil Blas is born in misery to a stablehand and a chambermaid of Santillana in Cantabria, and is educated by his uncle. He leaves Oviedo at the age of seventeen to attend the University of Salamanca. His bright future is suddenly interrupted when he is forced to help robbers along the route and is faced with jail.
In her book, Wolf argues that "beauty" as a normative value is entirely socially constructed, and that the patriarchy determines the content of that construction. Wolf also posits the idea of an "iron-maiden," an unattainable standard of beauty that is then used to punish women physically and psychologically.
The Silent Boy is told by Katy Thatcher, an old woman in 1987, about a critical period in her life from 1908 to 1911. Katy takes an interest in Jacob, a touched boy from a neighboring farm, who can't speak, but somehow hums quietly to himself. Katy shares Jacob's love of animals and comes to feel she can communicate with him.
The story is set in United States on the brink of economic collapse. Trading in foreign currency has become illegal and many shops are subject to rationing. The setting reflects the world as Samuel Edward Konkin III conceived it would be just prior to a successful agorist revolution.
The Coffin Dancer struck 5 years ago, killing two techs who worked with Lincoln Rhyme, and it seems he has struck again. A coverup is witnessed, a hitman hired, and all hell breaks loose. Amelia Sachs, his arms and legs, is sent off to every crime scene in hopes to find that one shred of evidence to pin down the killer.
The story is set during the Second World War and deals with a group of six children living in the North East of England. Their town, Garmouth, regularly suffers bombing raids by the German Luftwaffe. One of the children, Chas McGill, finds a crashed German He 111 bomber and takes a fully operational machine gun and over two thousand rounds of ammunition.
The book is about the peaceful town of Kardemomme and the people there. The only characters which stir up serious trouble are the three robbers, Casper, Jasper and Jonathan. In the end the robbers are arrested, but good treatment in the jail by the kindly constable Bastian reforms them.
Judith Taverner is a beautiful young heiress who comes to London to join high society. She takes an instant dislike to her unwilling guardian, Julian, fifth Earl of Worth. Judith has a younger brother named Peregrine who is a young handsome boy with very little sense and a lot of money to spare.
Viscount Sheringham is fast running through his considerable income through gambling and other extravagant pursuits. As the lady with whom he currently fancies himself in love, the beautiful Isabella Milborne, is also an heiress, he proposes. Isabella rejects him with contumely, citing his dissipated lifestyle. A lively quarrel then follows with his obnoxious widowed mother and her brother, who wish to retain control of his father's fortune themselves. The Viscount storms off in a fit of pique, vowing to marry the first female he meets. This turns out to be the pretty but orphaned and shy Hero Wantage.
Gem and the Staff is an adventure for a DM and a single player using a provided thief character. The player must search for a magic gem and a staff of power inside an evil wizard's tower. This module is divided into two separate adventures, which can be played as successive scenarios. Both modules are set with a time limit of thirty real-world minutes to complete the task.
The story begins during the Battle of Geonosis with Clone Commando Darman and his team assaulting a Separatist position. However, the entire squad is massacred in the attack, with Darman being the only survivor. After the battle, he is grouped with other clone commandos in incomplete squads. All four commandos must learn how to work together as a team, as they had in their previous squads.
The story follows Jedi Knights Obi-Wan Kenobi and Kit Fisto and their adventures as ambassadors on the planet of Ord Cestus. The planet has started producing so-called "Jedi Killer" droids. A love affair forms between one of their clone trooper bodyguards Nate and a female pilot who is attracted to Jango Fett.
The plot of Memories of Midnight takes off from the ending of The Other Side of Midnight. Catherine Douglas is recovering in a convent. She requests to see the world outside the convent to reveal her past. The film is based on the true story of a Greek woman who was wrongly accused of killing her husband and his mistress.
The novel is of investigative crime fiction genre, entailing the main character of Penn Cage. Cage travels back to his home town of Natchez, Mississippi with his daughter after his wife died. He finds that his father is being blackmailed over a long forgotten murder by a criminal.
Maya is the daughter of a famous German Harlequin named Thorn. On a mission she killed two men of the Yakuza, the Japanese mafia. The Travelers are supported by the Harlequins, a group only trained to defend the Travelers and to save them from the Brethren.
The story begins with Karl's violent arrival in the Holy Land of AD 28. By interpolating numerous memories and flashbacks, Moorcock tells the parallel story of Karl's troubled past in 20th century London. Karl has chronic problems with women, homosexual tendencies, an interest in the ideas of Jung, and many neuroses, including a messiah complex.
Lou Arrendale is a bioinformatics specialist and high-functioning autistic. A new manager at the firm where he works puts pressure on the department where many autistic people work. Lou is pressured to undergo an experimental treatment that might "cure" his autism. Lou does not think he needs curing, but he risks losing his job.
Bobby Pendragon and Vo Spader arrive on First Earth shortly after the death of Bobby's uncle, Press Tilton. They then meet the First Earth Traveler, who saved them from the gangsters. Bobby and Spader become employed as bellhops at the Manhattan Tower Hotel. They investigate the ties between First Earth's Turning Point, rival crime godfathers Max Rose and Winn Farrow, and the Nazi party. The critical connection is revealed to be the Hindenburg zeppelin. To understand its significance, Bobby and Gunny visit Third Earth, in the year 5010.
The story begins sixteen years after the events of Predator's Gold, in the grounded Ice City of Anchorage. Wren Natsworthy is bored with her life in the sleepy static of Anchorage-in-Vineland. The Tin Book was found on an old American Nuclear Submarine; everyone on board was dead, except for one person who wrote it.
Trinity and Brother Dave are a pair of devil-bats looking for a party to break up. Trinity joins the party, already in progress, thrown by Miss Maybell in honor of her niece Earnestine's birthday. Trinity becomes jealous of Earnestine for her college-educated son Harold. Mr. Johnson tells Harold not to get involved with Earnestine because her family is too "common"
Therese, from solid bourgeois stock, becomes a student of Father Dirrag, a Jesuit who secretly teaches materialism. Therese spies on Dirrag counseling her fellow student, Mlle. Eradice, and preying on her spiritual ambition. Through flagellation and penetration, he gives her what she thinks is spiritual ecstasy but is actually sexual.
The book starts in 2021 off East Timor, as a US-led Multinational Taskforce, commanded by Admiral Phillip Kolhammer, prepares to liberate the Indonesian islands. In the book's backstory, the Chinese government was planning to send a task force but was warned by the American government not to do so. The task force is made up mainly of American and British units alongside French, Australian, Japanese and Free Indonesians.
Grubitsch "Grubbs" Grady is the younger child of chess-obsessed parents. One night, he finds the mutilated bodies of his family and encounters Lord Loss. As Grubbs begins to settle down, he meets and befriends Bill-E Spleen.
Venus in the Cloister is made up of five dialogues, all of them carried out by Sister Agnes and Sister Angelica. The entire story can be considered as a whore dialogue. Sister AgNES is discomfited to have been caught by the older nun and so she meekly protests.
The plot concerns Michael, a professional violinist, who never forgot his love for Julia, a pianist he met as a student in Vienna. They meet again after a decade, and conduct a secret affair, though she is married and has one child. Their musical careers are affected by this affair and the knowledge that Julia is going deaf.
Dr. Kay Scarpetta, now freelancing with the National Forensic Academy in Florida, takes charge of a case that stretches from steamy Florida to snowbound Massachusetts. The teasing psychological clues lead her to suspect that they are hunting someone with a cunning and malevolent mind whose secrets have kept them in the shadows, until now.
Egaeus is a studious young man who grows up in a large gloomy mansion with his cousin Berenice. He suffers from a type of obsessive disorder, a monomania that makes him fixate on objects. When she smiles, he focuses on her teeth. His obsession grips him, and for days he drifts in and out of awareness, constantly thinking about the teeth. He imagines himself holding the teeth and turning them over to examine them.
"The Pushcart War" is set in 2029. The book tells the story of a pushcart war in New York City. Trucking companies want to eliminate other traffic, starting with the pushcarts. Peddlers use pea shooters to flatten truck tires.
Chris Brabson is a boy whose family lives in the mountains of Eastern Tennessee during the Civil War. Chris' brother, Jethro, has just recently joined the Union Army forcing Chris to examine his beliefs of war, courage, and tolerance. When Chris finds out that there is a wagon train in the area he alerts a friend of his, Silas Agee, who claims to be a Confederate spy. Chris then takes it upon himself to go tell his brother of the fact that the Confederates have been alerted about the wagon train.
The novel opens at the alternate close of the Second Punic War. Hannibal offers terms to the Romans: abandon your city and move north of the Alps, or be destroyed. The Romans, under the dictator Q. Fabius Maximus, accept the offer and withdraw into Germania, vowing to return.
Lina Sendak is one of six school children in the small fishing village of Shora. When she writes an essay for school that asks why there are no storks in their village, the teacher encourages the class to find out for themselves. The roofs on the village's homes are pitched so steeply that the storks cannot find space to nest on the sharp ridges.
Jackie Duluoz is a fictional character based on Kerouac. The novel begins with a dream in which Jackie finds himself in Lowell, Massachusetts, his childhood home town. The fantasies pertain to a castle in Lowell atop a muted green hill that Jackie calls Snake Hill. Underneath the castle, the Great World Snake sleeps.
On Planet Earth, Superintendent Shan Frankland is preparing for retirement when she is confronted by politician Eugenie Perault. Perault recruits Shan to lead a top-secret mission into outer space on a ship named the Thetis. Her Constantine is a religious colony within a carefully controlled biosphere. But the small band of humans soon learns that the planet isn't theirs to claim.
The narrative follows the course of a man's life from his schoolboy days to his adulthood. The son of a north German merchant and an Italian artist, Tonio inherited qualities from both sides of his family. As a child, he experiences conflicting feelings for the bourgeois people around him.
The Faction War brought an end to the factions' control of the city. Instigated by the power-hungry Duke Rowan Darkwood, factol of the Fated. The war spread throughout the city before the Lady of Pain, with the aid of a group of adventurers, intervened.
Six years after the Yuuzhan Vong War ended, all of the survivors of the Mission to Myrkr back in Star by Star respond to a call through the Force. Han Solo takes his wife Mara, their son Ben, and Saba Sebatyne into the Unknown Regions in order to learn what the Knights are up to.
Pearl Tull is a rigid perfectionist. She has 3 children with her husband, traveling salesman Beck, who abandons the family. Cody, the oldest, is wild and adventurous, but is envious of his brother Ezra, whom he believes is Pearl's favorite. Ezra is passive, and never tries to get back at Cody.
The bulk of the novel focuses on the life of Salvatore Guiliano. He rose to his legendary status as a bandit and hero to the Sicilian people. The novel opens in 1950 Sicily, where Michael Corleone Tori and Aspanu are met by Turi's godfather Hector Adonis.
The story is about a lonely child, Geillis "Gilly" Ramsey, who is made to see the world through her mother's cousin's unusual eyes. When the child becomes a young woman, she inherits her dead cousin's house as well as her reputation among the local community as a white witch.
The book gets its title from the letter that Keshavan Nair composes to reveal to Saramma his love for her. The setting is 1940's Kerala. The story is a sarcastic commentary on the dowry system and is in favour of inter-religious marriage. But this is disguised in a funny love story.
Mycroft Holmes fears these murders portend new threats against Britain's present monarch. The plaintive drone of a weeping woman, cruelly punctured and shattered corpses, and a pool of blood "that never dries" all imply the wrath of wraiths. But Holmes and Watson deduce that greed, rather than ghosts, may be to blame.
A year after the events of the previous novel, Luke Skywalker, his wife Mara, Han and Leia Organa Solo, Saba Sebatyne, and their charges arrive in the Killiks' inhabited sector of space. Luke agrees to take Han, C-3PO, and R2-D2, to explore Woteba in order to find and clear out the lingering Dark Nest threat.
The story begins with the Jedi group of Jaina and Jacen Solo, Lowbacca, Zekk, Tahiri Veila, and Tesar Sebatyne on the Killik world of Snevu. Luke wants anyone who cannot make being a Jedi their top priority to quit while he becomes Grand Master of the New Jedi Order.
Gerald tries to describe the things around him in painstaking detail. He recounts simultaneous conversations and events as they happen by using a format similar to data packet handling. After describing a small part of a situation or a conversation, he moves on to a different conversation, then returns to the first conversation.
James, a 23-year-old alcoholic and crack addict, awakens on an airplane with no recollection of his injuries or how he ended up on the plane. He is met by his parents at the airport, who take him to a rehabilitation clinic. The book follows Frey through the painful experiences that lead up to his eventual release from the center.
Thirty-six years after the fall of the Galactic Empire, the novel begins with Luke Skywalker sensing the dark presence of a mysterious enemy. Jacen Solo and Ben Skywalker are sent on a mission to disable the planet of Corellia's Jacen and Ben meet up with Jedi Knight Nelani Dinn and they seek to find the meaning imbedded in the tassel.
In Bloodlines, a civil war continues to break out in the Galactic Alliance. Many families find themselves divided, including the Solo/Skywalker families. Jacen Solo continues on the path to becoming a Sith, deciding that the only thing left for him to do is to "immortalize his love," according to the Sith tassels.
A playwright called Ashenden is recruited by Colonel R., a British Intelligence officer. He is sent to Switzerland where he becomes involved in a series of adventures. In one he accompanies a man called the Hairless Mexican to Italy, where a Greek agent of the Germans is to be assassinated. In another he must get an Italian dancer to induce her Indian lover, a German agent, to cross the border into Switzerland to see her.
Ankhesenamun is the daughter of Pharaoh Akhenaten and the fabled Nefertiti. Forced to marry Tutankhamun by the powerful General Horemheb at a time of bitter political and religious division. Left vulnerable by the failure of her plans for the sacred egg of Ra and the death of her young husband.
The book is an account of the memories and legacy of John Ames as he remembers his experiences of his father and grandfather. All three men share a vocational lifestyle and profession as Congregationalist ministers in Gilead, Iowa. Ames learns of Jack Boughton's true situation and is able to offer him the genuine affection and forgiveness he has never before been able to feel for him.
This mock-detective tale follows an unnamed Japanese man through Tokyo and HokkaidM in 1978. The passive, chain-smoking main character gets swept away on an adventure that leads him on a hunt for a sheep. The manipulation of the narrator into the hunt and repeated references to The Adventures of Sherlock Holmes raise connections to "The Red-Headed League"
The plot of the novel centers on the instability of the Ringworld. The recently-deposed Hindmost, leader of the Puppeteers, abducts the human Louis Wu and kzinti Chmeee. The Hindmost hopes to acquire Ringworld technology that he hopes will help him reacquire his position as leader.
This book consists of two main plot threads, which only come together towards the end. The majority of the first half of the story is devoted to a plot where a variety of hominid species from the ring join together to kill a large nest of vampires. The second part of the book details the continuing adventures of Louis Wu, who is now aging and ill. Some of the characters are also found in The Ringworld Engineers.
The story deals with two families, the Boyers and the Slaters. The two main characters are Birdie Boyer, the "Strawberry Girl" of the book's title. The feud between the two families heightens through the book, but they reconcile by the end.
Majeed's father was rich once, so could send him to a school in the distant town. Suhra's father on the other hand had trouble making both ends meet. After her father's death, all her hopes of further studies was ruined. Majeed begs his father to sponsor Suhra’s education, but he refuses. Majeeds leaves home after a skirmish with his father, and wanders over distant lands for a long time.
The story of the birth of Christianity and its interaction with the Roman Empire is told largely chronologically by a narrator slowly succumbing to disease during the reign of Domitian. The story starts where Man of Nazareth ended, immediately after the crucifixion of Jesus, and covers the work of the apostles, in particular Paul.
Most of the book takes place on the planet known as Cloral. The inhabitants of Cloral live on giant floating barges, called habitats. The main habitat in the book is called Grallion. A territory called Zadaa is also visited. Pendragon goes searching for a mythical city called Faar.
Dr. Noyes is an authoritarian doctor and father whose obsession with God's law leads him to neglect his family. His wife, an alcoholic who talks to animals, and Mottyl, her blind cat are the Yaweh. He tells Noah to build an ark in preparation for the flood, but some in his family react negatively.
Since 1991, The La's have been silent, while rumors of studio-perfectionism, madness and drug addiction have abounded. The author sets out to discover the truth behind Mavers' lost decade and eventually gains a revelatory audience with Mavers himself. In it several La&#39;s myths are dispelled along the way, new song titles are named and the past and future of the band is discussed.
When the novel opens, Ray Beam is mulling over the decline of his career. Ray invites the temp, Lily, into his limo, where he does a line of cocaine. A girl named Phoebe is taking a bus to the city from New Mexico. A computer engineer named Steve is going through a severe depression.
In the beginning, his independence is rewarded. The puppies had all dug a hole underneath the fence to escape from their yard. The Poky Little Puppy avoids punishment because he's off exploring as his mother scolds his siblings. Only at the end of the book does fate catch up with the PokyLittle Puppy.
Tootle is a baby locomotive hoping to grow up to be the Flyer on the New York-Chicago route. His schoolwork involves such tasks as stopping at red flags and pulling a dining car without spilling the soup. Most important, however, is that he must stay on the rails no matter what.
Like in Heller's version of King David's story, God Knows, the author changes little in the storyline of the original. Incomprehension may have contributed to the critical redemption of this book, along with less weight for humour and a sobering conclusion.
The hero of the novel is the mysterious and distinguished Rodolphe. He is really the Grand Duke of Gerolstein but is disguised as a Parisian worker. Sue depicts the Parisian nobility as deaf to the misfortunes of the common people. For this reason, some, such as Dumas, have considered the novel's ending a failure.
The story takes place partly in London and partly in Australia. It is set in 1950. Jennifer Morton, a young girl from Leicester but living in London, witnesses the death of her grandmother, the widow of a retired Indian civil servant. She uses the money to visit Jane and Jack Dorman who own a prosperous sheep station in Merrijig Victoria. Jennifer finds herself falling in love with the new, relatively unspoiled country.
Rowan of Rin learns that his mother, Jiller, is to choose the new leader from one of the three warring Maris clans. When she falls victim to a strong poison, however, Rowan finds himself in the Chooser's position. Rowan then receives a riddle of how to make an antidote.
Rowan's younger sister, Annad, is snatched from Rin by a flying monster. Rowan must travel to the land of the Zebak - Rin's greatest enemies - to rescue her. As she has several times before, the witch Sheba gives a prophecy to guide them on their quest.
Rowan, Brondon, Sharron and Norris set off on a long trek through the land following the Bukshah. Along the way they learn some new and terrifying facts. Rowan learns the truth about what happened to the people of the Valley of the Gold. Due to the mountain berry plants the soil was loosened and the Valley was destroyed.
Claudine, a fifteen year old girl, lives in Montigny, with her father, who is more interested in mollusks than his daughter. Claudine attends the small village school, which is the primary location of her many adventures. The journal begins with the new school year, marked by the arrival of the new headmistress, Miss Sergent.
"Mr. Bedford in Infinite Space" is a story about a London businessman who travels to the countryside to write a play. The story is set on the moon, where Bedford and a group of extraterrestrials are captured. The insectoid lunar natives are part of a complex and technologically sophisticated society that lives underground.
Alex Hammond is an 11 year old boy living in Los Angeles, California. His father Clem Hammond is a carpenter and has been struggling to find a job ever since the Great Depression hit the US. The story starts out in 1943, with Alex, Clem, and a social worker going from LA to the Valley Home For Boys in San Fernando Valley.
Guy Carson is a young scientist and cowboy-at-heart, raised on a southwestern ranch and bored with city life. Carson and DeVaca are chased by the security director, an eccentric Englishman named Nye. The novel highlights political and scientific battle between the CEO of GeneDyne, Brent Scopes, and his former best friend, Charles Levine Scopes and Levine are exposed to the mutated influenza virus X-FLU.
Basheer lived a wanderer's life. Only occasionally did he return to his home at Thalayolapparambu. Next to the house where he grew up, in the same compound, he had a walled Basheer was forced to live in the house. This household was always filled with noise and chaos.
In the first English translation of 1847 by Mary Howitt, the tale opens with a beggar woman giving a peasant's wife a barleycorn in exchange for food. One night, Thumbelina, asleep in her walnut-shell cradle, is carried off by a toad who wants the miniature maiden as a bride for her son.
The main character of this story is a dwarf, 26 inches high, at the court of an Italian City-state in the Renaissance. The exact locations are unclear, but since a character named Bernardo, who is unmistakably modeled on Leonardo da Vinci, appears in the novel, it appears to take place in a fictional version of Milan.
Russian author Kartsev, living in Munich in 1982 , time travels to the Moscow of 2042. After the "Great August Revolution", the new leader referred to as "Genialissimus" has changed the Soviet Union... up to a certain point. This novel is considered to be a masterpiece of dystopian satire.
The story is narrated by Alfred Jones, a translator for a large chocolate company in Switzerland. Jones, in his 50s, lost his left hand while working as a fireman during The Blitz. After a brief courtship, the two are married. Anna-Luise is estranged from her father, the Dr. Fischer of the book's title.
Neil begins his story by explaining the beginning of his travels by motorcycle from his home in Quebec to Telegraph Creek, British Columbia. In reality he has no schedule, no restriction in time, or life for that matter. In time he finds himself traveling from Canada to Alaska, and then ultimately down south through the United States to Mexico then to Belize. He then continues his journey, which ultimately ends at his home.
Arkady Renko, former Chief Investigator of the Moscow Town Prosecutor's Office, is serving a self-imposed exile in Siberia. He procures menial employment as a fish gutter on the "slime lime" of a large ship. Arkady investigates the death of a female passenger, attracting the attention of many of the crew.
Arkady Renko has been reinstated as an Investigator in the Moscow Militsiya. He is trying to clear up a nest of illicit traders when his chief informant dies in a horrific fireball. The story, however, reverts to the August Coup, which takes place in and around Red Square.
The novel's protagonist is Michael Skid, the privileged son of the town judge. After a falling out with his friend Tom Donnerel, Michael befriends Madonna and Silver Brassaurd. Everette Hutch, a charismatic and violent man, ultimately leads the three youths to commit murder.
The novel depicts the family of Sydney Henderson, a man who vowed in childhood never to express himself in anger or violence. As a result of his vow, residents of the community exploit Henderson, framing him for a crime and tormenting his children. The novel closely explores the effect of this dynamic on one particular son, Lyle.
Wehrmacht officer Heinrich Gimpel astonishes his 10-year-old daughter, Alicia, with a secret that has been hidden from her all her life. He explains that the Gimpels, friends Walther and Esther Stutzman, and their extended families all belong to those remnants of Jews who now survive by hiding in plain sight.
Doc returns to a failed Western Biological Laboratories after serving in the army during World War II to a changed Cannery Row. Mack and the Boys are still living in the Palace Flophouse, but Lee Chong has sold his general store to Joseph and Mary Rivas. Since the death of its original owner Dora, the local brothel, The Bear Flag Restaurant, is now being run by Dora's older sister Fauna.
Paradise City is the story of Giancarlo Lo Manto, an east Bronx raised Italian American who returns with his widowed mother to Naples at the age of fifteen. His on-going battle with the city's organized crime families has him in constant contact with his native NYC. Then one day, his young niece, who is on an exchange trip to the city that never sleeps, goes missing resulting in Gian carlo canceling his holiday to the Capri in exchange for the Island of Manhattan.
A new virus strain has infected rice crops in East Asia causing massive famine. Soon a mutation appears which infects the staple crops of West Asia and Europe such as wheat and barley. The novel follows the struggles of architect John Custance and his friend, civil servant Roger Buckley. They make their way across an England which is rapidly descending into anarchy.
The book is set five years after Star Wars-Episode I: The Phantom Menace. It tells the story of the mysterious Outbound Flight Project mentioned in Heir to the Empire, Specter of the Past, Vision of the Future, and Survivor's Quest. 
Main action of the story involves separate American and Soviet missions. Both pay lip service to non-interference with Minervan society. Eventually Minervans get their hands on high tech items like steel hatchets, rubber rafts, and finally AK-74s which severely disrupt their way of life.
Alexandra Bergson is with her five-year-old brother Emil. Emil's kitten has climbed a telegraph pole and is afraid to come down. Alexandra finds Emil with Marie Tovesky who is two years older than Emil. Alexandra's father is dying, and he wishes that she run the farm after he is gone.
A good portion of the book details the life of spaceship-captain Robert Singh. When it is discovered that the asteroid Kali is likely to hit Earth, Singh's ship Goliath makes an emergency voyage to Kali with a load of thrusters. In the meantime, a religious sect called Chrislam believes that they can convert a human being into a few terabytes of computer information.
Survivor's Quest opens with a meeting between Talon Karrde and Luke and Mara Skywalker. They learn that the message had in fact come from Chiss Aristocra Chaf'orm'bintrano. Luke, Mara, the Chiss, the Imperials, and the embittered survivors now must work together against the Vagaari.
15-year-old Mary Alice is sent downstate to live with Grandma Dowdel while her Ma and Pa eke out a meager living in Chicago. Mary Alice gets on the wrong side of the local bully, Mildred Burdick. The snake Grandma keeps in the attic drops down on Maxine Patch, the postmist.
Jeffrey Lionel "Maniac Magee," is the book's protagonist. Jeffrey Lionel Magee's parents were in a trolley when a drunk driver crashed and sunk the trolley into the Schuylkill River. Jeffrey is orphaned and finds himself in Two Mills. He becomes a local legend while trying to find a home.
This highly elliptical novel, set in England after World War II, deals with a sedate, bored lower-class couple. Plot, though, is decidedly subordinate in Hawkes' fiction to intense imagery and a nightmarish, hallucinatory atmosphere. Some readers have found the novel's events highly disturbing.
Tambu is the main character of the novel. She is a young bright girl that is eager to go to school. The only thing Tambu desires is to attend school, but her family is very poor and does not have enough money to pay for her school fees.
The main characters are a former novelist named Richard Callum and his wife Frankie, who own a pub called the White Lion. Richard has hired a secretary to help out on his new book, Patricia Wells, who turns out to have an obsession for Callum. A visiting scientist named Harsen reveals, ultimately, that an alien race of spiders are "beaming in" from their home planet via an improbable "radio wave" ray.
The Warden concerns Mr Septimus Harding, the meek, elderly warden of Hiram's Hospital and precentor of Barchester Cathedral. The story concerns the impact upon Harding and his circle when a zealous young reformer, John Bold, launches a campaign to expose the disparity in the apportionment of the charity's income.
Across the Nightingale Floor is set in a fictional feudal Japan. It follows the story of a sixteen-year-old boy named Tomasu and a girl named Kaede. Takeo's father was the most skilled assassin of the Kikuta, the greatest family of Takeo is one of the Hidden Tribe.
The story starts with a peaceful Soddit called Bingo who is visited by a wizard and a party of dwarfs who ask Bingo to come with them on a quest to 'The Only Mountain' where 'Smug the Dragon' lives. On the way, they have many adventures and close shaves. Bingo finds a 'Thing®' that was created by the Evil Sharon and is potentially the most evil Thing® in the world.
The Stone Angel tells the story of Hagar Shipley, a 90-year old woman struggling to come to grips with a life of intransigence and loss. "Pride was my wilderness, the demon that led me there was fear," Shipley says.
A 14-year-old girl is living with her grandmother when she accidentally sets fire to their home. The grandmother forces Eréndira to repay the debt by becoming a prostitute. After several years, Ulises, one of her clients, falls in love with her. She returns his affection and eventually he becomes willing to help her to freedom.
Michael Havelock is an intelligence officer working for the US State Departments black operation division "Consular Ops" At the beginning of the novel he believes he has just witnessed the execution of his partner and the love of his life, Jenna. When Michael finally traces Jenna to an isolated farm in Pennsylvania, they realize that they were both deceived and that each had been told that the other was an enemy.
Robert is contacted one day by a friend in France, who tells him that Nicole, a woman with whom Robert had had an affair years ago, has died - and Jean-Claude, the son Robert never knew he had, is now an orphan. Robert explains the situation to Sheila, and they agree to take in Jean- Claude for the summer holidays; however, they also agree to keep his true identity a secret.
The story takes place in the south of France, against the backdrop of the French Revolution, Napoleon's rise to power, and the French-English rivalry in the Mediterranean. Peyrol attempts to find refuge in an isolated farmhouse on the Giens Peninsula near Hyères. The story is about his attempt at withdrawal from an action- and blood-filled life.
The story follows a Thranx, Ryozenzuzex who came from an odd numbered hatching immediately making him somewhat different from his brethren. Setting himself aside as different Ryo decides that he has to know what is the secret of the new space faring race that supposedly wear "their skeletons inside" To accomplish this un-thranxlike task Ryo travels from his home planet, Willow-Wane, to the ice caps of his home world.
A fictional editor's note tells of an encounter between a children's book editor named Peter Wenders and an author and illustrator named Harris Burdick. Wenders tried to find out who Harris Burden was, but he never found out. In 1993, a dealer in antique books, told them that he had purchased an entire library that had previously belonged to a recently deceased woman.
The player takes the role of an adventurer on a quest to retrieve a magical warhammer for the dwarves of the village of Stonebridge. The warhammer has apparently been stolen and hidden in separate pieces by goblins in Darkwood Forest. The game is available now on PC, Mac and Linux.
The player takes the role of an adventurer on a quest to find and stop the powerful Night Prince Zanbar Bone, a being whose minions are terrorizing a local town. Hired by a desperate mayor, the player must as the adventurer journey to the dangerous city-state of Port Blacksand and find the wizard Nicodemus.
The story is allegedly a copy of the diary entries of a madman who, according to the foreword written in classical Chinese, has now been cured of his delusive paranoia. It is anti-traditional in the sense that the other characters are portrayed as heartless, bound to tradition, and cannibalistic, yet the madman's fears are depicted as genuine. The insanity of the narrator is never proven, however.
The 48 Laws of Power are a distillation of 3,000 years of the history of power. The book is intended to show people how to gain power, preserve it, and defend themselves against power manipulators. Each law is its own chapter, complete with a "transgression of the law," "observation of theLaw," and a "reversal"
The Eighth Doctor finishes reading The Time Machine. He falls prey to a final trap set by his old enemy, the Master. The only fact he knows for certain is that he is called "the Doctor" - but Doctor who? The Doctor saves Sam from a gang of drug dealers. He is charged with possession and selling the cocaine he confiscated.
In this sequel in the Fudge' series, Fudge takes up an obsessive and greedy love for money. Fudge and his family decide to take him to the Bureau of Engraving and Printing in Washington to show how money is made. Instead they meet up with their long-lost cousins, the Howie Hatchers.
The film is about a man who uses his powers to help the dead. Dr. Bloodmoney is set in a post-apocalyptic future. In 1988, many communities have begun to rebuild a sort of order. Most pre-war technologies and amenities have been lost.
The Enterprise is assigned to host the wedding between two houses of the Tizarin, a race that lives only in space and engages in commerce. One of the guests is Lwaxana Troi, to represent Betazed. The time setting places it after the events of "Deja Q" and before "Q-Pid"
The book covers the last years of Mick Foley's in-ring wrestling career up until the birth of his second son, Michael Francis Foley, Jr. It has a more celebratory tone than his first book, as he is writing about the time of his career where he has already achieved success. In the book, he also describes his obsessions, such as theme parks and Christmas.
The novel begins in the afternoon with Adam getting water for dinner from the Coopers' well. Adam joins the militia in order to resist the British. About 70 men and boys gather in Lexington and when the British arrive shortly after dawn they encounter two lines of militia. The militia men continue to lay ambushes for the British, and retreat through the woods. Along the way they encounter, and defeat, a British cavalry patrol.
The Emperor of China learns that one of the most beautiful things in his empire is the song of the nightingale. When the Emperor is given a bejeweled mechanical bird he loses interest in the real nightingALE, who returns to the forest. The mechanical bird eventually breaks down due to overuse.
Septimus has become the apprentice to Marcia Overstrand, the ExtraOrdinary Wizard. Septimus' older brother, Simon, had run away after an argument between him and Sarah/Silas Heap about Septimus, who Simon disliked. He comes back and kidnaps Jenna on his horse, Thunder.
Mio, My Son is about a young boy adopted by an elderly couple who dislike boys. One day he receives an apple from the kindly shopkeeper, who asks him to mail a postcard for her. He mails the postcard, but not before he has thrown a glance at it. It is addressed to a king, and it says that his son will soon be coming home.
The protagonist of this legal thriller is 33 year old, Nikki Hill. Nikki is a lead prosecutor at the District Attorney's office, and he has trusted her to help find the killer of Madeleine Gray, Hollywood's most popular TV host. At first there is a hands down suspect, Jamal Deschamps, who was found at the scene of the crime.
Gregor Samsa was secretly sold to a Viennese sideshow by the Samsas' chambermaid. He then met various figures like Wittgenstein, Spengler and Einstein. He witnessed American Prohibition, the Scopes trial, and encountered the Ku Klux Klan.
The work is split into two sections: the first section, "Useful Fictions," consisting of two short stories about a character named Nathan Zuckerman. The second section is "My True Story," which takes the form of a first-person memoir by Peter Tarnopol, a Jewish writer.
The novel is told entirely from the points of view of its elephant characters. The main characters are mostly from the "She-S" family, into which Mud, a young cow who is pregnant with her first calf, has been adopted. Mud is blessed with visionary powers and can occasionally see into the future. The novel is rather nihilistic, as it is unlikely that any of the characters ever reach the Safe Place.
Michael Lander is a pilot who flies the Aldrich Blimp over NFL football games to film them for network television. He is secretly, deranged by years of torture as a prisoner of war in Vietnam. Lander conspires with Dahlia Iyad, an operative from the Palestinian terrorist group Black September, to launch a suicide attack.
In 1933 Reza Shah signed a deal selling Iranian oil extraction rights to the Anglo-Persian Oil Company, later called British Petroleum. When the first democratically elected parliament and prime minister in Iran took power in 1950 they planned to seize the oil assets in Iran that had been developed by the British. The Dwight D. Eisenhower administration agreed with the Churchill government to restore the pro-western Shah to power. In the summer of 1953, the CIA and Britain's MI6 arranged a coup in Tehran.
Widower Ephraim Cabot abandons his New England farm to his three sons, who hate him but share his greed. Eben, the youngest and brightest sibling, feels the farm is his birthright, as it originally belonged to his mother. He buys out his half-brothers' shares of the farm with money stolen from his father, and Peter and Simeon head off to California to seek their fortune. Later, with a new wife, the beautiful and headstrong Abbie, who enters into an adulterous affair with Eben.
The story is told by Max Morden, a self-aware, retired art historian attempting to reconcile himself to the deaths of those whom he loved as a child and as an adult. We gradually learn the names of the Graces: Chloe, the wild daughter; Myles, the mute brother; Connie, the mother; Carlos, the father.
This booklet about badgers features trivia questions, a giant poster, and profiles of many of the badger characters that are featured in the series. They include cartoons, fun facts, and the story information. Illustrated by Peter Standley. For more information on this booklet, or to order a copy, visit badgerquiz.com.
A spaceship, propelled by a prototype photon engine, sets off for Venus, which at that time, is an enigmatic and unexplored planet covered by clouds. As the crew ventures into the depths of Venus, unknown dangers take them out one by one. Only a half of them returns home after accomplishing the mission - all badly damaged, both physically and mentally.
The novel is set about 200 years before the birth of Miles Vorkosigan. It deals with the creation of the "Quaddies", genetically modified people who have four arms, the second pair appearing where unmodified humans would have legs. Legally, the Quaddies are not classed as human but as "post-fetal experimental tissue cultures"
The novel has also been related in many senses to Heart of Darkness by author Joseph Conrad. Both novels explore cultural hybridity, cross-colonial experiences, and orientalism. The story of Mustafa's troubled past in Europe, and in particular his love affairs with British women, form the center of the novel.
The book is about a quasi-immortal race called the Isi who are unable to prevent a galactic catastrophe. The Isi think humanity will help them overcome this hurdle, hence the book's opening line "Peter, we are losing Armageddon..." Unless he joins forces with them "... the galaxy is doomed...!" Palmer deliberately plays with sci-fi conventions.
Ned Marriner is in France with his father, Edward, who is working on a book about Provence. While his father shoots outside the deserted Saint-Sauveur Cathedral, Ned wanders in to look around. Ned meets his Aunt Kim, a woman with mysterious powers. She tells him that she sensed he was in trouble, and came at once to offer her help.
Meggie now lives in Elinor's house along with Darius and her parents, Mo and Resa. Life is peaceful, but not a day goes by without Meggie thinking of Inkheart and the characters that came to life. Orpheus reads Basta, Mortola, and Mo into Inkheart, but Resa comes with them by accident by getting hold of Mo.
The Heaven Makers is set on contemporary Earth with the one difference that we are being watched and manipulated by aliens for their viewing pleasure. The plot focuses on several humans whose lives are changed by the aliens, and an alien observer investigating the morality of these changes. The film is directed by Michael Hirst.
The novel is set in the early 1990s. It concerns a historian and teacher, Alfred Clayton, and his response to a national survey. The novel is presented as Clayton's improbably long and incredibly personal response, submitted to his professional association, the Northern New England Association of American Historians.
Set in New York City in 1949, the novel follows Holocaust survivor Herman Broder. Throughout the war he survived in a hayloft, taken care of by his non-Jewish, Polish servant, Yadwiga, whom he later takes as his wife. Meanwhile, he has an affair with another Holocaust survivor, Masha.
The book takes place on the planet of Worlorn, a world which is dying. The cast is a group of characters who are also flirting with death. At the end many of the characters have died, though the author leaves some endings deliberately ambiguous. However they have all faced their fears of death and of life.
Nigel Heriot was an English aristocrat. He was introduced to the Duke of Buckingham, who announced himself as his enemy. Nigel was accosted by the apprentice, dressed as a waterman, from whom he learnt that a warrant had been issued for his apprehension.
The novel takes Jacques Cormery from birth to his years in the lycee, or secondary school, in Algiers. In a departure from the intellectual and philosophical weight of his earlier works, Camus wanted this novel to be "heavy with things and flesh"
John Ashbery summarizes Locus Solus thus in his introduction to Michel Foucault's Death and the Labyrinth: "A prominent scientist and inventor, Martial Canterel, has invited a group of colleagues to visit the park of his country estate" There have been three English translations of the work in question.
The main narrative tells the story of Powers' return to his alma mater, the University of Illinois at Urbana-Champaign. Powers is an in-house author for the university, and lives for free for one year. He finds himself unable to write any more books, and spends the first portion of the novel attempting to write, but never getting past the first line. Powers then meets a computer scientist named Philip Lentz, and agrees to participate in an experiment involving artificial intelligence.
Taylor Rusk is a star college quarterback and a can't-miss prospect in The League. Through various illegal means, North Texas is awarded an expansion franchise. As expected, the expansion Texas Pistols draft Rusk number one. The Pistols have a five-year plan to turn the team into champions, and getting Taylor Rusk ready is the key.
Charles Forrest "Buck" Lee is an assistant coach to the legendary Coach Reginald Benbow "Buddy" Shavers at the powerhouse West Alabama State University in Evergreen. When Lee is hired as the new head coach job at West Alabama's historic in-state rival, the East Alabama University in Stanleyville, Shavers takes great offense because their rivalry is a bitter one. Buck Lee has a plan to beat West Alabama: sign a phenomenal high school running back named Eaarnel Simpson.
The Swallows and Amazons are in Lowestoft, preparing for a cruise aboard a schooner, The Wild Cat, with Captain Flint, the Blacketts' uncle Jim Turner. Unfortunately the other adult cannot come and so the cruise is threatened until Peter Duck, an elderly seaman, offers to come along to help. Peter Duck spins a yarn about a treasure that he saw being buried long ago, when marooned on a desert island.
Lilo is a rebel geneticist living on Luna. On the eve of her execution, she is visited by "Boss Tweed" She learns she is Cathay and Lilo become bonded lovers. Lilo is eventually sent to an asteroid. Another Lilo awakes in Tweed's tank. This one has no memory of the asteroid, or anything else.
House of Hell is the only Fighting Fantasy book set on modern day Earth. The player's car breaks down during a rain storm, forcing the player to seek shelter in a nearby mansion. If the reader is to be successful, he must recover a hellfire-forged kris dagger and survive an encounter with the house's Master.
Bobby begins on the territory of Veelox, with Gunny. Bobby and Gunny encounter Saint Dane and believe they have him cornered. Four realistic holograms of the villain suddenly appear around him. Bobby meets up with a very ordinary, humanoid Aja in a city much like those on Second Earth, called Rubic City.
Lew Archer finds himself the confidant of a wealthy, violent family. The family have a load of trouble on their hands - including an oil spill, a missing girl, a lethal dose of nembutal, a six figure ransom and a stranger afloat, face down, off a private beach.
The Code of the Woosters is the first installment in the Totleigh Towers saga. It introduces the characters of Sir Watkyn Bassett and Roderick Spode. The story opens with Bertie recovering from a bachelor party he has thrown the night before for Gussie Fink-Nottle.
Tribulation Force members discover that their pastor, Bruce Barnes, has been killed during the bombing of a hospital in World War III. Rayford Steele is quickly called to meet Global Community Supreme Potentate and Antichrist Nicolae Carpathia in Dallas, Texas. Meanwhile, Cameron "Buck" Williams and Chloe Steele go to New Hope Village Church to inform Loretta about Bruce.
The Rosso family has ten children, who were named using their incredibly organized mother's naming system. The story begins with their move from a New York City apartment to a New Jersey farmhouse. The children finally win their battle to obtain a pet when their parents announce that they are breaking the rules and having an eleventh child.
Matt, a 14-year-old cabin boy, is the protagonist of the story. Matt was born in the air, and feels closest to his father when airborne. Matt aspires to be an excellent sailmaker like his father, but also dreams of becoming a Captain of one of the majestic airships himself.
Edward Lennox Wallace is an aging, lecherous, one-time hell-raising poet, reduced by diminishing poetic talent to working as a theatre critic. The story opens with the aftermath of Ted being fired from his job on a newspaper. At the suggestion of a sick goddaughter, Jane , he goes to stay at the Norfolk country house of old schoolfriend and Army colleague from National Service.
Billy takes dance lessons while his brother, father, and neighbours are on strike and clash with riot police. Mr. Elliot discovers Billy in the ballet class and forbids him from attending the lessons. Billy's mother reveals that she has been teaching him ballet. This upsets Billy's father and Tony, who gets in an argument with Mrs. Wilkinson.
A Redwall Winter's Tale opens up on the last day of autumn. At Redwall Abbey, dibbuns are playing outside when they notice a group of travelling performers. When the little mole wakes up, he finds a pouch around his neck. It contains a small crystal drop, and a note is written on the inside of the pouch on a scrap of parchment. It is in the form of a riddle, but what does it mean?
Krasicki's novel is the tale of Nicholas Experience , a Polish nobleman. During sojourns in Warsaw, Paris, and the fictional island of Nipu, the protagonist gathers numerous experiences that lead him to a rationalist outlook. This rationalist Outlook constitutes an apologia for the Enlightenment and physiocratism.
Paul Rayment, a man of late middle-age, loses part of a leg after his bicycle is hit by a car. He becomes reclusive and retreats to his flat where he is cared for by a succession of nurses. None suit him until Marijana, with whom he shares a European childhood, comes along.
According to a traditional view, God exists outside of the universe, created it for a reason, and could have created a different universe if he so chose. Spinoza's picture is different. God is the natural world. Men and other natural things are his modes. Everything that happens follows from the nature of God.
Charles Dalgleish Forrester is revived from cryopreservation in the year 2527. He had been killed in a fire 500 years earlier. After the expenses of his revival are paid he has a quarter of a million. He receives a message from a woman whose name he doesn't recognize. He is informed that someone called Heinzlichen Jura de Syrtis Major has taken out a hunting license.
The novel is about Cal, a young man who takes part in the murder of a reserve police officer by his friend Crilly. Cal finds himself falling in love with the slain man's wife, Marcella. Cal lacks self-esteem, one source of which is the death of his mother, who held him in high regard.
Dewey Denouement is the third triplet to appear in the film. The book starts off where The Grim Grotto left off. The Baudelaires and Count Olaf are locked in separate rooms until the trial. In the trial, the phrase "justice is blind" is taken literally.
Sir Gerald Tarrant, head of a secret service department in the British Government, is kidnapped. His chauffeur stops to help two nuns change a tire on their car, and Sir Gerald is taken prisoner - by the nuns, no less. Modesty and Willie Garvin have by chance already determined the probable location of Sir Gerald's captivity: Chateau Lancieux.
In the novel, the cities and regions are each ruled by their own gods. In the city of Gibil, however; the god Engibil has gotten lazy and does not monitor his city. As such the inhabitants have developed technology such as writing and smelting. The other gods have gotten angry at Gibil for reasons they keep to themselves.
The events in part one of the novel all take place in South Africa. Julie Summers' car breaks down in a busy South African street. She goes asking for the nearest garage, where she meets Abdu. He accompanies her to where she left the car. In the airport of an unnamed Arab country Julie and Abdu pass through the usual paper work.
Some 3000 years in the future, a Communist Earth has just developed faster-than-light space travel based on the experiment of Ren Boz. The society of this distant planet is labelled by Efremov as "an amalgamation of a Capitalism in its worst form and of a Chinese pseudo-socialism" The plot follows the Communist crew as they establish contact and explore the planet's society.
The plot contains some storylines which are intertwined. We can call this storylines according their setting places. The first one is the Soviet Storyline and is about the medical doctor and psychophysiologist Ivan Girin, who studies the hidden possibilities of human brain. The second storyline is about Italians who go to Africa to find diamond, but find Alexander's The Great Crone with mysterious minerals.
The book is divided into four separate sections called "books" Book I covers Despereaux's childhood and origins; Book II focuses on Roscuro, a rat with a mysterious past. The third book is about Miggery S Despereau is a small,sickly mouse born in a castle.
Newlyweds Max and Bonnie Brooks are on their honeymoon at Walt Disney World in Florida. Max is possessed by a fervent desire to visit the disaster scene. Edie poses as a hurricane victim to get her estranged wife's signature. Bonnie is befriended by Augustine Herrera, an independent young man.
The novel takes the form of an autobiography by a twenty-fifth century soldier, Brigadier General Sir Robert Mayfair Bruce. Bruce's story chronicles the career of Lord Isaac Prophet Fitzpatrick, a consul of the fictional Yukon Confederacy whose life closely parallels that of Alexander the Great. The novel allows the reader to simultaneously learn the "official history" of Fitzpatrick as well as the revisionist version of Bruce's purported work.
The novel is presented as the memoir of one Ephraim Mackellar, steward of the Durrisdeer estate. The Master was attached to the Prince solely for the chance of money and high station. He abandoned the Rising as soon as it looked sure to fail and, in company with Burke, took ship for the Royal Navy.
The story follows Iris, the plain younger daughter of Margarethe Fisher, as she takes care of her mentally challenged older sister Ruth and her stepsister Clara. Having fled from the Fens of Cambridgeshire, England to Haarlem, the Netherlands, Iris is slightly at odds with the world and often contemplates the value of beauty and ugliness.
Two confirmed independent travelers join 20 companions and inexperienced guides on a do-it-yourself safari. Stories include encounters with mountain gorillas, a breakdown in the Sahara, hunting with Pygmies, climbing Mt. Kilimanjaro. Illustrated with 38 author photos and maps.
Veniss Underground alludes in several places to the myth of Orpheus and Eurydice. Shadrach descends into the underworld to retrieve his love, Nicola, but here from a cyborg hell, where genetic engineering and DNA splicing create fantastic and horrific creatures. Parallels also exist with Dante's Inferno.
"Betrayed" is based on a true story. In the film, Max is accused of shooting the actors, not the producers. The musical is much more upbeat than the original film, which was a darker comedy though with a happy ending. Even the Nazi playwright Franz Liebkind is portrayed more sympathetically.
The Named begins with a foreshadowing that portrays the protagonist: Ethan, witnessing his own sister's death by Marduke, an evil minion to the evil Goddess: 'Chaos' The story continues when Ethan is 16 and is aware of his powers, and is relatively good at controlling them. The story switches point of views and Isabel comes into play. Ethan is training under the power of Arkarian, a coordinator of the Guard.
The novel's protagonist is Harry M. Evans, the lone survivor of the disastrous first manned expedition to the planet Venus. Evans provides details of the doomed expedition as a novel in progress, and he proves to be a remarkably unreliable narrator. There is some indication that Evans could very well have murdered his fellow crewmember.
The novel alternates between the now middle-aged Momoi and recurring memories of a lake from his hometown. It explores his interactions with a number of women, beginning with a relative and the uncomfortable circumstances surrounding a death in his family. The novel then explores his connection to a woman who loses a purse full of several years' worth of money.
Lucien Chardon, the son of a lower middle-class father and an impoverished mother of remote aristocratic descent, is the pivotal figure of the entire work. Even as Part I of Illusions perdues, Les Deux poètes, begins, Lucien has already written a historical novel and a sonnet sequence.
In Rocheworld, a small group of civilian and military personnel crew humanity's first manned exploration of another star system. Using a laser-pumped light sail spacecraft, the journey to their destination of Barnard's star lasted 40 years. The crew used a drug called "No-Die" which slowed their aging process, whilst proportionately lowering their effective I.Q.
Weyer relates that his source for this intelligence was a book called Liber officiorum spirituum, seu liber dictus Empto Salomonis. Weyer's source alleged there were estimated to be 7,451,926 devils, divided into 1111 legions and obeying 72 infernal princes.
Royal Earle Thompson owns a dairy farm in southern Texas during the late 1890s. Thompson lives with his wife, Ellie, and his two small sons, Arthur and Herbert. Ellie is continually ill, though she does her best to perform Olaf Helton, a Swede, works as a farmhand. Helton transforms Thompson's run-down dairy farm into a productive, profitable enterprise.
The main character of the novel is the World Health Organization doctor John Mallory. He devotes himself to the task of bringing water to the region, with dreams of setting the Sahara in flower. When he accidentally manages to achieve his task by creating a river, he becomes prey of an increasingly delirious spiral of fantasies.
The story tells of a chance meeting with a gas station attendant who becomes a spiritual teacher to the young gymnast, Dan Millman. The attendant, whom Millman names Socrates, becomes a kind of father figure and teaches Millman how to become a "peaceful warrior"
Judge Isopel Lobbett travels to Mystery Mile, a tiny village on a near-island on the Suffolk coast. The judge calls in an art expert to inspect a possible masterpiece, but as the man arrives at the house, the judge vanishes. They search for the judge's secret knowledge, the clue to the identity of crime boss Simister, which has brought such danger.
Budrys tells the story in alternating chapters. Every second chapter relates part of Lucas Martino's life. The young man spent his formative years on a New Jersey farm, working his way through university in New York City, and graduate studies at MIT. The last part of the novel tells what happened on the Soviet side. The struggle to determine the man's true identity is the novel's central conflict.
Jules is a motorbike-riding courier for RCA in Paris, and a major fan of classical music and opera. Jules is also a groupie of the beautiful Cynthia Hawkins, an American opera singer. Hawkins is unusual in that she only performs live. One day, Jules secretly records a Cynthia Hawkins concert. He then shares the tape with his teenage friend Alba.
Much of the action of the story is on a half-submerged sunken minesweeper of the Polish Navy. Mahlke explores the shipwreck by diving through a hatch, and with his ever-present screwdriver salvages various items to sell or collect for himself. The narrative in the novella is often fairly incoherent. For instance, the timeline of the narration is often treated flexibly.
Book is set in two parallel times; the present-day Dalemark, and the time of Mitt and Moril some 200 years in the past. Maewen is transported by magic back in time to assist with the restoration of the royal line. The Crown is a particularly interesting addition to the Dalemark series. Many of the characters from previous books are seen from quite different perspectives.
Danticat's first novel, Breath, Eyes, Memory, was published when Danticat was only twenty-five years old. The novel is written in a first person narrative. The narrator, Sophie Caco, relates her direct experiences and impressions from age 12 until she is in her twenties.
"Stand Watie" is the story of Jeff Bussey, a young soldier in the Civil War. Jeff is on the side of the North, while Stand Watie is for the South. Jeff winds up fighting for both the North and the South at different times during the conflict.
Orphaned and illegitimate, Jamie Sommers grows up believing he has "no hope of heaven", that he is doomed to a dreadful existence. A Catholic, he is deeply depressed by the ideas of being conceived in adultery and born in sin. Taking to the sea, Jamie seeks out adventure in exotic ports all over the world as a smuggler, gun runner - and murderer.
In a Chicago-based recording studio, Ma Rainey's band players, Cutler, Toledo, Slow Drag, and Levee turn up to record a new album of her songs. As they wait for her to arrive they banter, tell stories, joke, philosophise and argue. The tension is between the young hot-headed trumpeter, who has dreams of having his own band, and veteran players Cutler and Toledo. As the band waits for various technical problems to be resolved, the conflict between LeveE and Cutler reaches boiling point and violence ensues.
Three Junes follows the McLeods, a Scottish family, throughout their lives and relationships. The novel is written in three parts, using the flashback technique. The first takes place in 1989 and is told from Paul's perspective; the second, in 1995 and from Fenno's point of view; the third, in 1999 and from Fern's perspective.
Richard Burton and his friends join the crew of King John's ship the Rex Grandissimus. They participate in the defense of the boat after the grailstones fail. The Riverworld is meant as a grand moral test, to allow humanity to progress to the point where they can achieve enlightenment. Half of humanity dies in the conflict.
Planet 14 was just a speck on a spacial stereo map, just a world inhabited by a group of barbaric refugees. But to Belfeor, it was instant cash. All he needed was an iron hand and a means to dig out its radioactive resources for export to his own world. To Maddalena it was a final exam: this would be her last chance to prove herself worthy of Corps Galactica membership.
The Dawn of Guilt is the first book in a series of novels about a boy growing up in Cornwall. The author prefers poetry to his father's fascinating world of trade. After a depressing start, the discovery of literature, nature and the Wiltshire Downs lead to the rest of the book.
Sutty travels from Earth to the planet Aka to provide observations as an outside observer. All traditional customs and beliefs have been outlawed by the state. Sutty experiences and tells of the conflicts there between the Corporation, a repressive State capitalist government, and the native people who resist.
Daniel Martin is the story of a Hollywood screenwriter who returns to his native England when a friend from university asks to see him before he dies. The dying man asks him to look after his wife Jane. Daniel had in fact married Jane's sister, despite loving Jane and having a one night stand with her.
There are inconsistencies in the book that support the theory that Beatrice Sparks fabricated the diary. The book is about a 14-year-old girl, Annie, who falls in love with a boy named Danny. Annie and her mother are left to decide what will become of the baby.
Strauss stumbles across the community while working on an article. Intrigued by the subculture, he starts participating in the online discussion groups. The book then narrates the journey of how Strauss goes through the various stages of becoming a Pickup artist. Strauss tells the story of: his success; the spreading of the romantic community itself and his life at "Project Hollywood"
A U.S. Coast Guard survey plane discovers what appears to be a ship embedded in an iceberg. The plane marks the iceberg with a red dye marker and then returns to its base to report the discovery. Dirk Pitt and Dr. Hunnewell are on their way to Reykjavík, Iceland. They are intercepted by a black Lorelei Mark VIII jet and engage in a frantic battle.
A nameless narrator goes to Venice to locate Juliana Bordereau, an old lover of Jeffrey Aspern, a famous and now dead American poet. The narrator hopes to get a look at some of Juliana's letters and other papers. When the old woman falls ill, the narrator gets caught by Juliana as he is about to rifle her desk for the letters.
The book begins with Silas Heap, father of the eponymous protagonist to the series, returning home through the winter snow. Ten years later, Jenna Heap is celebrating her tenth birthday with her parents and six other brothers. But Marcia interrupts the party, telling the family that another woman living next doors works as a spy for the Supreme Custodian.
The Eternal Quest is a fictionalized version of Miguel de Cervantes' Don Quixote. The novel is set in Spain in the early 17th century during the reign of King Philip III. The Old Knight's misadventures take on a mystical quality, as he defeats stronger and better-armed enemies.
Eleven-year-old Eliza Naumann is the only "ordinary" member of a family of gifted people. Her father, Saul, is a cantor in the local synagogue and a keen student of Jewish texts. Her mother, Miriam, is apparently a successful lawyer and her brother is a gifted student. As Eliza progresses through the district bee and prepares for the national bee, the troubled lives of her family come into focus.
Two rival outer space alien ships appear above the Gaulish village. The aliens are styled on the happy-faced Walt Disney and DC Comics superheroes of the American comic book style on one side, and futuristic robot and insect-like Japanese manga style on the other. The evil aliens Nagma want to know the secret of the "great weapon" the Gauls have.
It is September 1942, four months after the Transition. A cease-fire has been signed between Hitler and Stalin. Both nations are 'cooperating' in various areas of research. In the Pacific, the Japanese have conquered New Guinea and the nearby island chains, and are battling Allied forces along the Brisbane Line in Australia.
The novel deals with a series of unexplained events in a small town in Arizona. A church is defaced with goat's blood, the pastor and his family disappear, and several townspeople begin having terrifying visions of deformed infants. Eventually, an unknown force begins to attack and murder several of theTownspeople.
The book documents Smith's memory of events recovered during therapy, documenting the many satanic rituals she believed that she was forced to attend. During the rites, Smith was allegedly tortured, locked in cages, sexually assaulted, forced to take part in various rituals, witnessed several murders and was rubbed with the blood and body parts of various murdered babies and adults. After Smith had seemingly recovered her memories, she and Pazder consulted with various church authorities, eventually traveling to the Vatican.
 Colossus is a computer system designed to assume control of the USNA's nuclear defenses. Colossus independently communicates an "urgent message" announcing the existence of a like, and undetected, computer system in the USSR. Prof. Forbin and the programmers begin worrying about Colossus' capabilities. The USNA President and the CPSU Chairman agree Colossus fires a nuclear missile at the USSR, in response, Guardian fires a missile at Texas.
Mary, a young woman in Wales, has her mind destroyed by Dr Raymond's attempt to enable her to see the god of nature, Pan. Years later the beautiful but sinister-looking Helen Vaughan arrives on the London social scene, disturbing many young men and causing some to commit suicide. It transpires that she is the monstrous offspring of the god Pan and the woman in Raymond's experiment.
In the U.S. state of Washington, near Mt. Olympus, at the turn of the 20th century, the small town of Angel's Roost is thrown into confusion when old Menelaus's fancy-free wife, Helen, runs off with a traveling salesman named Paris.
Malone is an old man who lies naked in bed in either asylum or hospital. He alternates between writing his own situation and that of a boy named Sapo. At the end of the novel, Lemuel is assigned to take his group of five inmates on a trip to a nearby island. The novel closes with an image of Lemuel holding his bloodied hatchet up.
Tyrell Hawthorne was a naval intelligence officer until the rain-swept night in Amsterdam when his wife was murdered. Now Hawthorne has been called out of retirement for one last assignment. For he is the only man alive who can track down the world's most dangerous terrorist.
The story shows how British officer and colonial administrator William Savage comes to know about the thuggee cult. Savage infiltrates their society, learns their ways and code of communication, and destroys them by capturing or killing their key leaders. During his travels he almost falls prey to the cult's ways as he comes to experience the ecstasy of ritual killings.
"D", a patriot from a country suffering a civil war is in England to secure a contract with coal magnate Lord Benditch that will greatly assist the faltering loyalist cause. The country is kept nameless and the details of its history, geography and current politics remain vague. But there could be little doubt that the Spanish Civil War was the main inspiration for the book's depiction of a left-leaning, popular revolutionary republic.
Eragon, Saphira, and Roran travel to Helgrind, the sanctuary of the Ra'zac. There they rescue Roran's betrothed, Katrina, who was being held prisoner, and kill one of the Eragon is forced to attend the election of the new dwarf king in the Beor Mountains. After the fight, Roran marries Katrina.
Jerome Horowitz Elementary School is going to hold its second annual Invention Convention. The winners of the Invention Convention get to be Principals for the Day. George and Harold sneak out to make copies of their new comic. They decide to copy off of Melvin's photocopy machine, still thinking it's a normal photocopier. Captain Underpants takes several pairs of underwear from unsuspecting clotheslines.
Mr. George, Harold, and Mr. Krupp are hired by the school to work for the school. Zorx, Klax and Jennifer, three evil aliens, land on the school roof and plan to take over the Earth. The next day, the aliens, disguised as the lunch ladies, give "Zombie Nerd Milkshakes" for lunch. George and Harold steal the carton of growth juice and pour the contents out the window.
George and Harold's teacher Ms. Ribble is planning on retiring at the end of the school year. She forces everyone to make happy retirement cards for her. Instead, they create several humorous changes to the schedule. They make Monday a No School Day due to "lack of Interest" They make Tuesday a "Wear your pyjamas and pick your nose day"
Set in the Judean desert, 2000 years ago. Features 7 main characters: Musa, Miri, Aphas, Badu, Marta, Shim and The Galilean/Gally/Jesus. Dies in the novel only to be seen during the end, risen.
Joella, Peter, and Liane are traveling to their Aunt Jill when a stranger entices, drugs, and kidnaps the trio. He takes them to a remote place and launches them into space, where they are forced to become performers for aliens. At first the three children want to die but slowly they regain the urge to live.
The novel recounts the life of a young man, Lucian Taylor, focusing on his dreamy childhood in rural Wales. The Hill of Dreams of the title is an old Roman fort where Lucian has strange sensual visions. Later it describes Lucian's attempts to make a living as an author in London.
In the novel, the father of a mentally ill child meets another parent of another disabled child, who is known throughout the book as "Mori's Father" Mori's Father tells the narrator of a chain of surrealistic incidents that happened to him and his son Mori. It seems that an alien supreme being or force has enabled Mori and his father to undergo a transformation.
The novel opens on Henry as a boy - the supposedly illegitimate son of Thomas, the third Viscount Castlewood. As he comes of age he joins the unsuccessful campaign to restore James Francis Edward Stuart to the English throne. He falls in love with his cousin Beatrix, but eventually marries his foster-mother Rachel. The novel closes on the couple's emigration to Virginia in 1718.
Huey Long details a political fantasy in which he is president of the United States. Through imaginary conversations with men of power, his aspirations including the "Share the Wealth" plan are presented. Long fantasizes his inauguration as President of the U.S. detailing that he would swear in on the bible his father had read to him and his brothers and sisters.
Jersild used his medical knowledge of the long term effects of a nuclear holocaust to great effect in this novel. relates the adventures of a young man dumped on the island of Gotland some 30 years after a worldwide nuclear catastrophe. The only inhabitants of the island are a band of aging convicts and a handful of religious women, also advanced in years.
Sarah Jane Smith and her co-worker Jeremy Fitzoliver are on holiday in Sicily when they meet the Brigadier. The Brigadier is trying to help his Uncle Mario, who is being threatened by a mobster named Vilmio. Mario is also trying to deal with the ghosts that have been sighted in his castello. The Doctor travels back to the 18th and 16th century in an attempt to locate the cause of the fracture.
British Army nurse Claire Randall and her husband Frank go on a second honeymoon to Inverness, Scotland. The couple, though loving, have a strained sexual relationship, caused mainly by their apparent inability to conceive a child. Claire and Jamie grow closer through the course of their travels with Dougal and the other MacKenzies.
The story takes place on a manor in the Scottish countryside. A wealthy man named Tom Newcliffe has invited a group of artists and friends together for a weekend gathering. Of particular importance to the story is Jan Jarmoskowski, a Polish concert pianist. Paul Foote, a painter, detects hints that Jan may in fact be a werewolf.
Zia is the 14-year-old niece of Karana, the Indian woman left behind on the Island of the Blue Dolphins in the previous book. Zia believes her aunt Karana to be alive, and with the help of her younger brother Mando, she sets out twice in an eighteen-foot boat on what are, ultimately, unsuccessful attempts at rescuing Karana.
The Kingis Quair uses the Chaucerian rhyme scheme rhyme royal: ABABBCC. The poem begins with the narrator who, alone and unable to sleep, begins to read Boethius' Consolation of Philosophy. At last, he begins to think about his own youthful experience, and how he came from misery to good fortune.
The novel tells the story of 19 year-old Martín Castillo, a boy from Buenos Aires. He meets and falls in love with Alejandra Vidal Olmos who represents the "old", colonial and autochthonous Argentina. The novel gives an evocative portrait of the city of Buenos Aires and its people.
The story of The Va Dinci Cod is much the same as that of The Da Vinci Code. The difference is that the characters are searching for a cod instead of the Holy Grail. While the events in both books are similar, The Va dinci Cod parodies the events of the first book.
The Hunter Family consists of the father Jim, the mother and their two children, 11 year old Peter and 9 year old Elizabeth. Jim owns Luath, Elizabeth owns Tao, and Peter owns Bodger. Bodger is a brave, loyal, persevering and tenacious companion. Tao is a tireless, bold, and loyal animal.
The first diary fills in the gaps between a number of agent 007's missions. The book also includes an entire backstory for Moneypenny. For the first time since Fleming introduced the character alongside Bond in Casino Royale, Moneyp Penny is given a first name: Jane.
Romulus Gaita fled his Romanian hometown of Markovac in 1935 at the age of 13. He found work as a blacksmith's apprentice until he was 17, after which he moved to Germany and eventually emigrated to Australia on an assisted passage in 1950. The Gaitas moved to a farmhouse called Frogmore where they lived for the next ten years, and where Raimond spent much of his childhood.
The women of Brewster Place are "hard-edged, soft-centered, brutally demanding, and easily pleased" Their names are Mattie Michael, Etta Mae Johnson, Lucielia Turner, Kiswana/Melanie Browne, Cora Lee, Lorraine, and Theresa. Each of their lives are explored in several short stories.
The plot revolves around a young pig, won at a fair by a sheep farmer named Farmer Hoggett. Fly and her puppies teach Babe the rules of the farm. Babe starts to learn how to herd sheep, first practising with the ducks. The Sheep-Pig contains twelve short chapters, each one written in speech marks.
The Mortmain family is poor but exotic. Cassandra's father is a writer suffering from writer's block. The widowed Mortmain's second wife, Topaz, is a beautiful artist's model. Simon falls in love with Rose and proposes to her, which sends Rose and Topaz to London with Mrs. Cotton to purchase Rose's wedding.
The book opens with a fictional historical overview/flashback to events of Homer's famous Odyssey. The villain is the mysterious Specter, a huge man who disguises his identity by wearing sunglasses, a hat, and a scarf over his face. Pitt assumes the responsibility of head of NUMA as Admiral Sandecker accepts the Vice Presidency. The book also features a significant event between Dirk Pitt and Congresswoman Loren Smith.
Momoko was born near Kobe, Japan. Her father, a former small-time gangster, was involved in selling fake brand name clothing. After making a fake "double-brand" he finds himself in trouble with Universal Studios, Versace, and the mob. Momoko must go to Tokyo to shop for her clothes, but constantly finds herself short of money. She decides to sell some of her father's fake Versace products, and meets Ichigo.
Paracha spent time rearranging these notes using the cut-up method and surrealist automatism. He then turned it all into a work of fiction in which a heroin addict narrates his story set in future Pakistan and India that have turned into capitalist and theistic dystopias.
The book opens with an explanation about how people in the Kingdom of Didd still talk about "The year the King got angry with the sky" Bartholomew Cubbins, King Derwin's page boy, saved the Kingdom. The Oobleck Storm breaks up and the sun melts away all the oobleck, freeing everybody.
The story opens with a young man tripping over a rock. He vows to be more careful, but a Quilligan Quail bites his tail. A Skritz dives to sting his neck and a Skrink bites his toe. A camel gets sick and has to be confined to bed for twenty weeks. The protagonist is trapped in a house by flood-waters for 12 days. Genghis Khan Schmitz drafts him into his army.
Auschwitz and After is really a trilogy of separately published shorter works. The first and last volumes deal with Auschwitz as lived and remembered, respectively. The middle volume concerns the surviving Frenchwomen's slow journey back to freedom after they were moved from Auschwitz to Ravensbrück and ultimately turned over to the Swedish Red Cross.
The Rennepont family lost its position and most of its wealth during the French persecution of the Protestants. In 1682, the family members each got a bronze medal telling them to meet back in Paris 150 years later. Two Jesuits and their many recruited accomplices are in charge of obtaining the money for the Society of Jesus.
The story begins on a small island off the coast of Washington called Clam Island. The central character, Ethan Feld, is on one of the island's baseball teams. He encounters a gracious werefox, Cutbelly, who explains the Lodgepole, a giant tree connecting all worlds, to the ignorant Ethan.
A lonely wife cheats. A brutal husband gets revenge. A not-so-innocent stranger hears a cellar door scrape shut and begins twenty years of indescribable horror. He is chained in total darkness, feeding on live rats and human flesh, becoming himself the nightmare creature that lurks within us all.
Lucien de Rubempré and "Abbé Herrera" have made a pact, in which Lucien will arrive at success in Paris if he agrees to follow Vautrin's instructions on how to do so. Esther van Gobseck throws a wrench into Vautin's best-laid plans, however, because Lucian falls in love with her and she with him.
Arthur Mervyn is a country boy who lived with his father and their servant, Betty, on a farm near Philadelphia. Mervy could no longer remain in the house without conflict. He decides to beg money from a man he meets on the street. The man in question is Welbeck, who is a thief and a forger.
Harold Transome, a local landowner, has returned home after a fifteen-year trading career in the Far East. Wealthy from trade, he stands for election to Parliament from the county seat of North Loamshire. Felix Holt and Esther Lyon both appear aligned to the Radical cause.
After the death of her husband, Mrs. Hammond realizes that she is deeply in debt. She is used to living richly, however, and therefore focuses on her two beautiful daughters as her best hope of financial security. To accomplish this plan, she pays off all her debts and all the property she can under the guise of grief.
Will, Freddie, Billy, and Lacey are four young friends eager for "the grand adventure" of old-fashioned war. The story follows them through training in England, arrival in France and the trenches. The main characters are named after and based on Foreman's uncles who were killed in the war at ages 18 to 24.
The story is told from the perspective of Vandyk "Van" Jennings, a student of sociology. The film is about a group of explorers who discover a new land. They are quickly found by three young women who are observing them from the treetops. The men attempt an escape but are overpowered by a large group of women.
Six-year-old David Schearl has a close and loving relationship with his mother Genya. David begins to pick up hints that his mother may have had a passionate affair with a non-Jewish Austrian man before marrying Albert. David becomes fascinated with the story of Isaiah 6 after he hears the rabbi translate the passage for an older student. David gives his father the whip that was used on the would-be milk thief.
Simon and Burns spent over a year interviewing and following around the people who lived on the Fayette & Monroe corner. The book is a look at the effects of drug addiction, the drug trade, and the war on drugs on an urban neighborhood. It centers mostly around the lives of Gary McCullough, a drug addict, his ex-wife Fran Boyd, and their son DeAndre McCullough.
Black Dudley is a remote, ancient and sprawling manor house with a long and complex history. The pile is owned by the family of Wyatt Petrie. A sinister dagger hangs above the fireplace at the home of the Colonel. Abbershaw, after some thought and research, pays a visit to the killer - Petrie himself.
The story of "Mahomet" unfolds during Muhammad's post exile siege of Mecca in 630 AD. In the first act we are introduced to a fictional leader of the Meccans, Zopir, an ardent and defiant advocate of free will and liberty who rejects Mahomet. Mahomet invokes divine authority to justify his conduct.
A mother fruit bat loves her baby very much and would never let anything happen to her. When the two are attacked by an owl, the predator knocks Stellaluna out of her mother's safe embrace. Soon the baby bat ends up in a bird's nest filled with three baby birds named Pip, Flitter and Flap. The mother bird will let StellAluna be part of the family only if she eats bugs, does not hang by her feet and sleeps at night.
Nick Mallory is a boy living in our own England who dreams about becoming a Magid. A Magid is a sort of magical policeman who travels between worlds and helps people. Nick finds himself accidentally wandering the dark paths between the worlds, where he finds Roddy and then the powerful magician Romanov.
Hal Ambler is a former Consular Operations agent in the Political Stabilization Unit. He is kept heavily medicated and closely watched in a psychiatric facility just off the US coast. With the help of a sympathetic nurse, Ambler manages to clear his mind of the drug-induced haze and stage a daring escape.
The plot concerns Drew Latham, a special officer for consular operations. He must discover why his brother was killed after a covert mission. He impersonates his brother, and uncovers a web of neo-Nazi supporters. Latham must stop the neo-Nazis plot to take over Europe through terrorism.
Paul Janson is an ex-Navy SEAL and former member of a U.S. government covert agency called Consular Operations. He is haunted by his memories of the Vietnam War and his brilliant commander and mentor, Alan Demarest. Demarest was also a sadistic psychopath who loved to toy with the lives of both friend and foe.
The novel is about an English man named Christopher Banks. He used to live in the international settlement area of Shanghai, China in the early 1900s. His father, an opium businessman, and his mother disappear within an interval of a few weeks. Christopher vows to become a detective in order to solve the case of his parents' disappearance, and he achieves this goal through ruthless determination.
Jason Chaser is an independent Hover Car racer, who along with his autistic little brother - known only as "the Bug" - are competing in regional races. Jason attracts the attention of two individuals - Umberto Lombardi, the billionaire owner of Jason and Xavier both race in New York, and as Xavier points out he is the far superior racer in every respect. Jason himself secures a full-time racing position with Team Lombardi.
The novel is set in Brighton, and concerns the grand high magus Hugo Rune and his quest to solve the mystery of the Brighton zodiac. The are opposed in the novel by Rune's arch foe, the evil Count Otto Black. The following cases are featured:- 
Main character is George Harvey Bone, a lonely borderline alcoholic who suffers from a split personality. He is obsessed with gaining the affections of Netta, a failed actress. Netta is repelled by George but, being greedy and manipulative, she and a mutual acquaintance, Peter, shamelessly exploit George's advances to extract money and drink from him.
This story introduces Gavner Purl, a full vampire and an old friend of Mr. Crepsley. Darren and Evra are disturbed by a news report saying that human bodies were found in a basement, drained of blood. The two venture down the sewers and Darren gets caught by the vampaneze. Darren decides to trade Debbie's life for Evra's.
Lyric, a Melodie; is friend of Anakin Solo and Tahiri Veila. She must go through a change to join the elders of her race. In the caves of Yavin 8 are carvings similar to those found near the Golden Globe.
Tahiri Veila knows nothing about her past, or how she came to live with the Tusken Raiders. Now the day has come for her the find out! However first she must complete a deadly task to prove she's worthy. The final episode of the series airs on Friday, December 14 at 9pm on BBC1.
Anakin Solo's uncle, Luke Skywalker, informed the Solo family that young Anakin, eleven years old, is ready to begin his Jedi training. Anakin leaves his homeplanet of Coruscant to go to Yavin 4, where the Messeni Jedi Academy resides. There, he feels shy at first, but quickly comes across a bubbly, nine year old girl named Tahiri Veila.
After having a dark-side focused nightmare, Anakin begins to question his future. His uncle, Luke, tells him of his own experiences in the dark side cave on Dagobah. This causes Anakin to leave Yavin 4 on a similar quest.  
Uldir, a classmate of Anakin Solo's at the Jedi Academy on Yavin 4, wished to become a great Jedi, but his skills in the Force are weak. He gets the idea to use a Holocron to learn the secrets of the Jedi of the Old Republic. He "borrows" Obi-Wan Kenobi's lightsaber, recovered from Darth Vader's palace on the planet Vjun where the Dark Lord took it.
The story concerns the chance meeting between an elderly, witty, but miserly man and his estranged young niece. Both characters are strong and stubborn, and discover an affection and affinity for each other. The book also chronicles their two romances, and, by the end of the book, both are married to suitable partners.
Set in the far future, it consists of two stories about how the peaceful Archivists of the library planet Earth have to deal with warmongers arriving and trying to exploit knowledge for power. It contains a lot of pictures and is aimed at children or adolescents. 
Joel Converse is a lawyer, having previously been a fighter pilot in the Vietnam War. Because of his wartime experiences with Command Saigon, in the form of a psychopathic general named "Mad" Marcus Delavane, he is chosen to thwart a cabal of former generals bent on world domination.
There are four defining episodes in the story, and a variety of subplots and minor threads - many of them unrelated to the main story. The story begins late in the 20th century, and tracks the life of the main protagonist Crane. He is the world's foremost earthquake expert and a Nobel laureate. By the time the dust settles, all of his predictions have come true.
Both camps share a "fervent anti-Semitism, accompanied by strong pro-Palestinian views, anger over Israel's influence on American policymakers, and opposition to the Iraq War and the U.S. presence in the Middle East" Michael examines the positions of neo-Nazi and Islamist groups on American foreign policy, the media, modernity, and the New World Order.
The novel's central character, symbolically named Cross Damon, represents the 20th century man in frenzied pursuit of freedom. Cross is an intellectual Negro, the product of a culture which rejects him. This search for the absolute compels him to commit four murders and ends in his despair and violent death.
The story's events take place in rural France in the late twentieth century. The protagonist is Emanuel Comte, former school director, now turned farmer and landowner. By chance, Emanuel and several of his friends find themselves in the wine cellar of the castle during the unexpected outbreak of nuclear war. The survivors find their surroundings reduced to ashes and rubble.
Bold As Love is the second book in the series about a group of Indie musicians who survived Massacre Night. The love affair between Ax, Sage and Fiorinda is treated with wit and tenderness, and Jones's trademark emotional intensity. Castles Made Of Sand manages to be both deadly serious, and thoroughly entertaining.
The novel contains three parts, in fact three novels in one, which differ from each other in style, time and place of action, characters and atmosphere. The first part of the trilogy takes place in Berlin and a Prussian province in 1888. The second part, a pastiche of an expressionistic prose, is situated in Cologne and Mannheim in 1903. The last part focuses on several characters in a little town on the Mosel River during the last year of World War I.
The novel follows Cowl, a human male that was genetically engineered to be the perfect specimen of human evolution. However he is also on the run from the Heliothane Dominion, which considers him their enemy. Cowl travels back into the past in order to make himself the dominant force.
Ravic is a very accomplished German surgeon and a stateless refugee living in Paris. He has been ghost-operating on patients for two years on the behalf of two less skillful French physicians. Unwilling to return to Nazi Germany which stripped him of his citizenship, Ravic manages to hang on.
An infant abandoned at a junction of four roads is adopted by a priest who finds it. The child grows up to be a soldier and participates in the Second World War. During peacetime, his courage earns him a means of livelihood. He gets the diseases gonorrhoea and syphilis and becomes a homeless wanderer.
The novel is set in a hospital in Soviet Uzbekistan in 1955. The plot focuses on a group of cancer patients as they undergo therapy. The character Oleg Kostoglotov was admitted to the hospital from a gulag, similar to Solzhenitsyn. Some Uzbek landmarks are mentioned in the novel, such as the trolleyline and Chorsu Bazaar.
In His Steps takes place in the railroad town of Raymond, probably located in the eastern U.S.A. The main character is the Rev. Henry Maxwell, pastor of the First Church of Raymond. Maxwell challenges his congregation to not do anything for a whole year without first asking: What Would Jesus Do?
Molôn Labé!, the free state movement's first novel, has encouraged many people to relocate to Wyoming. Molon labe is an ancient Greek expression for "Come and take them!", the defiant reply of King Leonidas to the Persian demand before the Battle of Thermopylae for his 300 Spartans to lay down their arms in surrender.
In Midnight Lamp, the Bold As Love glamour is deconstructed by confrontation with the real world. A young woman raped by her father, and doomed by the crippling mental illness that is her heritage. A pop-icon warlord, latest darling of the Hollywood fame machine, admits to dirty secrets behind the romance of the Rock and Roll Reich.
Band Of Gypsys can't easily be read as a stand alone. In Midnight Lamp the past, seen from a fresh angle, illuminated character and motivation. Finally we are facing the real, monstrous bulk of the evils Ax tried to combat. Camelot moments do not endure. An idealised England that never was cannot return.
"The Big Nowhere" is the latest novel by James Ellroy. The novel is set in 1950s Los Angeles. Ellroy is brilliant at capturing the nuances of dialogue that denote class, race, and mindset. Gays are "fruits," "homos," "nances"; blacks are "boogies" and "jigs"
The book recounts Swofford's enlistment and service in the U.S. Marine Corps during the First Gulf War. He served as a Scout Sniper with the Surveillance and Target Acquisition Platoon of 2nd Battalion 7th Marines. Like most of the troops stationed in the Middle East during the Gulf War, Sw offord saw very little actual combat.
The story concerns the move from boy to man of its hero, Carnelian, son of the Lord Suth. Formerly powerful and influential, Suth is in exile far from Osrakum, capital of the Three Lands. A delegation of lords comes to their island, asking that Suth will return to the capital and oversee the election of a new emperor.
Carnelian, son and heir to Lord Suth, and prince Osidian have been abducted, drugged and smuggled out of the capital of the three lands, Osrakum. Carnelian is awakened by a would-be grave robber seeking spoils in the urns. Osidian is at first suicidal, but then vengeful. He embarks on a plan to recover his position.
Antony is overjoyed by Cleopatra's decision and proclaims his love. Dolabella appears after Antony's success in battle. Antony does not want to go back to war but doesn't know how to stop it. Octavia tells Antony the war will stop when he returns to his rightful place.
The novel takes place in the slums of Brooklyn during the Great Depression. It follows the narrator, Harry Odum, from his early childhood to his death. Harold develops an Oedipal complex and an inability to sexually relate to anyone without resorting to his alter-ego, Madden.
Polly Milton, a 14-year-old country girl, visits her friend Fanny Shaw and her wealthy family in the city for the first time. Poor Polly is overwhelmed by the splendor at the Shaws' and their urbanized, fashionable lifestyles. Six years later, Polly comes back to the city to become a music teacher and struggles with profession issues and internal emotions.
Stargirl is a high school girl who leaves behind some permanent changes at Mica Area High School. The novel begins with a brief introduction of Leo's life and chronicles his moving from his home state of Pennsylvania to Arizona, at the age of twelve. This story picks up four years later with the arrival of an eccentric new classmate, Stargirl.
Malika is the daughter of General Mohamed Oufkir and adoptive daughter to the Moroccan king Hassan II. She was taken into the palace as a child to be a companion to the king's daughter, Princess Amina. While Malika was living with her family, her father was involved in a coup d'etat attempt on the king. Her father was then executed and she and her five siblings, mother, and two maids were political prisoners for the next twenty years.
The novel takes place in a prison and relates the final twenty days of Cincinnatus C., a citizen of a fictitious country. Unable to blend in and become part of the world around him, Cincinnatiatus is described as having a "certain peculiarity" that makes him "impervious to the rays of others" As the axe falls the false existence dissolves around him as he joins the spirits of his fellow visionaries.
Julian was the last direct relative of Constantine the Great to assume the purple. He attempted to destroy the influence of the Christian church, bringing back the worship of the old Roman pantheon. The book takes the form of the correspondence between As he matures, a rift forms between Julian and his disturbed half-brother Gallus.
President Douglass Dilman's presidency is marked by white racists, black political activists, and an attempted assassination. Later, he is impeached on false charges for firing the United States Secretary of State. One of his children, "passing" for white, also is targeted and harassed.
Dance opens with the last year or so of their school days in 1921&ndash;22. We are also introduced to their Housemaster Le Bas and Nick's Uncle Giles. Nick is sent off to France to learn the language, where Widmerpool puts in an appearance. The final chapter sees Nick at university where he enjoys afternoon tea.
The book is divided into twenty-one chapters with titles, which are further subdivided into numbered sections. Bunny and Dad are introduced to the reader as they drive by car through the southern California desert. Dad tries to prevent Old Man Watkins from beating his oldest daughter Ruth. Bunny decides to go to college after high school.
Civil war threatens the unity of the Galactic Alliance. The Corelian systems desire more independence than the Alliance is willing to let them have. Han and Leia Solo anger their families and friends by allying themselves with the Corellian insurgents. Jacen Solo's dark side powers grow stronger under the Dark Jedi Lumiya.
Nathaniel becomes an apprentice Magician after his parents forfeit him to the magicians' adoption service in return for some money. His master, Arthur Underwood, is a mediocre magician and the minister of Internal Affairs. Throughout his youth Nathaniel is interviewed by his later antagonist Simon Lovelace who dismisses Nathaniel's obvious powers for magic.
Eight people become stuck in a series of subtly unreal worlds, caused by the malfunction of the particle accelerator. These are later revealed to be solipsistic manifestations, bringing the story in line with Dick's penchant for subjective realities. Jack Hamilton, the central protagonist, is dismissed from his job at the California Maintenance Labs due to McCarthy-era paranoia about his wife's left-wing political sympathies.
The novel predates the terrible wildfires of October 2007. In theory, the United States is still a democracy. In practice, Ritchie is heading a War Cabinet. The plan is to trigger a pandemic which, within a few hours, will kill six billion people-96 per cent of the world&#39;s population.
Double Image is a noir thriller from Morrell set in modern-day Los Angeles. It tells the story of a war photographer named Mitch Coltrane, who decides to give up photographing atrocities after an assignment in Bosnia nearly costs him his life. While at home recovering from a gunshot wound from the above-mentioned job, he sees an advertisement in a magazine stating that a legendary photographer from the 1920s and 30's named Randolph Packard will be giving an exhibit of his work.
Robert is a young boy who suffers from mathematical anxiety due to his boredom in school. He also experiences recurring dreams-including falling down an endless slide or being eaten by a giant fish-but is interrupted from this sleep habit one night by a small devilesque creature. Over the course of twelve dreams, the Number Devil teaches Robert mathematical principles. The book ends with Robert in class using his newfound mathematical knowledge.
Karen's world seems to be crumbling before her eyes. She is led to believe that marriage only causes heartache and pain, and so she decides that she will never get marry. Karen tries every possible way to stop the divorce from happening, including sending anniversary cards and feigning illness.
Gravity Dreams centers itself around its main character, Tyndel. Set in the distant future of the year 4512, wherein humans have achieved spaceflight. Tyndal is infected with a very ancient strain of nanites that would have killed him. This brands him as a 'Demon' because Dorcha has rejected technology.
Santa Claus is found in the Forest of Burzee by Ak: Master Woodsman of the World, and placed in the care of the lioness, Shiegra. He is educated by the immortals of the Forest, including The Gnomes, the Knooks, and the Ryls. Claus sees war, brutality, poverty, child neglect and child abuse and is frustrated by mortals' very existence.
Lieutenant Commander Data is the only android in existence during the time of Star Trek: The Next Generation. Immortal Coil explains what happened to those other robots and androids, and how Data fits into their histories. The story references several previously-seen artificial intelligences and characters.
After the death of her aunt, the protagonist Charlotte and her cousin, her aunt's stepson Arthur Prime, find a tin of imitation jewelry which includes a string of pearls. Charlotte is immediately fascinated with the pearls, and wonders if they could be a gift from when her aunt was an actress.
The story opens with Jimmie, at this point a young boy, trying to fight a gang of boys from an opposing neighborhood all by himself. He is saved by his friend, Pete, and comes home to his sister Maggie, his toddling brother Tommie, his brutal and drunken father and mother, Mary Johnson. The parents terrify the children until they are shuddering in the corner. Jimmie hardens into a sneering, aggressive, cynical youth.
The story is set in unnamed rural town in Virginia, which is frequented by several plantation owners living around it. The town relies on trade from the cotton plantations for its economy. Understanding this, the plantation owners have adopted a benign approach towards their slaves to keep them peaceful and assure the safety of the town.
 417 refugees of the city of Ember can't go back and have no idea how to survive on the surface. Wandering for days, exhausted and hungry, they come across the village of Sparks. The people of Sparks reluctantly agree to take in the refugees for 6 months, just long enough to teach them to survive.
Alba is out running one day when she is kidnapped by a psychiatrist and his patient. They remove Alba to an estate in rural France where she is forced to participate in the patient's entomological fantasies. Alba manages to escape the estate, but she finds herself traumatized, broke, and lost. Eventually Alba and Serge are reunited.
The book contains a short history of immigration in the United States beginning in colonial America. It also includes an analysis of the importance immigration has played in American history. John F. Kennedy's proposals for the liberalization of immigration law are also discussed. The book is published by Abrams Books.
The story takes place at sea, near the Gulf of Siam, and is told from the perspective of a young nameless Captain. The Captain is unsure of himself, questioning his ability to fulfill the role of such an authoritative figure. These themes are explored through symbols throughout the novella.
Tanaqui, the narrator, is a young woman living in a small town called Shelling, which lies beside the Great River. She and her four siblings look different from the rest of the townsfolk, and instead of worshiping the River, their family has three idols-the so-called Undying. When the country is invaded by the Heathens who look like them, they flee to avoid being killed by their own village.
The novel is about a girl named Junko Aoki who has the psychokinetic power of pyrokinesis. She decides to kill criminals in order to make her world better. When Junko sets off to rescue a woman kidnapped by juvenile delinquents, the arson division of the Tokyo Metropolitan Police and a secretive vigilante group that wants to recruit her, pursue her.
Main characters are Steve Peterson, whose wife Nina was murdered two years before. His six-year-old son Neil, who witnessed the murder, and Sharon Martin, a young journalist. A young man named Ronald Thompson has been sentenced to death for Nina's murder. Sharon is against the death penalty and tries to save Thompson. Unknown to them, Thompson is actually innocent.
The family is allied with an alien, an octopus-like being who can survive in the new atmosphere. Humans must live in shelters with oxygen-generating plants, or use suitable breathing equipment. Since almost no metals can exist in the corrosive atmosphere, any technology is based on ceramics or glass. Some humans are suspicious of the aliens, and even blame them for the change to the atmosphere.
The story takes place a few years after the events of The Phantom Menace. Young Anakin Skywalker chafes under his new life as a Jedi apprentice. A battle squadron pursues the two Jedi; it is headed by a weapons designer that has already blueprinted the Death Star. Commander Tarkin, of the future Grand Moff Tarkin becomes involved as well.
Tea From an Empty Cup is at its core a tightly plotted detective novel. The story revolves around near mythical Japan, which has been destroyed in a cataclysm. A virtual version of Japan has become a sort of holy grail for a core group of artificial reality addicts. AR is not just a way of life, it turns out, but also of death.
Darth Sidious is taking the first step in his master plan to destroy the Jedi Order and take over the galaxy. A Jedi Padawan named Darsha Assant is faced with the Jedi Trials to finally become a full-fledged Jedi Knight. Maul is ordered by Sidious to not only retrieve the holocron, but kill Lorn.
Barney Hendrickson is a mediocre movie-maker with no prospects. His employer, Climactic Studios, is about to go out of business. In desperation, he drags Greenspan to see Professor Hewitt, who claims to have  Barney aims to make a historical movie in the past, with a minimal crew, a handful of actors, and all the other parts filled by extras recruited from the local people. His first script is Viking Columbus, about the founding of the
A nondescript spacer with little education crashes on an idyllic planet. He begins to teach the natives "the Plan" as they have little concept of galactic society. Even as Obrien lies dying, a developer arrives to illegally prospect for minerals. The Plan then enters its endgame: the duly formed planetary government imposes a tax rate of 1000%.
Rick is expelled from school and loses his family's welfare benefits. One of his former teachers encourages him to get a job for the Vanguard Mining corporation. The book follows his progress through an initial grueling examination period on Earth, initial training on an asteroid in a high orbit of Earth, and through an apprenticeship on another training facility in the asteroid belt.
Tara meets Prince Gahan of Gathol, and is initially unimpressed, viewing him as something of a popinjay. Later she takes her flier into a storm and loses control of the craft, and the storm carries her to an unfamiliar region of Barsoom. She is captured by the horrific Kaldanes, who resemble large heads with small, crab-like legs. Gahan, who has fallen in love with Tara, sets out to find her, only to find himself caught up in the same storm.
Varjak Paw is a small Mesopotamian dark blue kitten who lives with his family in the Contessa's house on the hill. Varjak learns of the Vanishings, the mysterious disappearances of cats off the streets. In his dreams he is visited by the strange Jalal the Paw, who teaches him of the lost form of cat martial arts.
Rabbit Redux is a novel by John Updike. It is set in Brewer, Pennsylvania, in 1969. The novel deals with themes of guilt, sex, and death. It also deals with racism and the Vietnam War. The book ends with the author and his wife reconciling.
Tommy Hanson is Britain's most successful musical artist and narrates his story to people at his NA and AA meetings. Jessie is a seventeen year-old Scottish girl who, after running away from home to London, was coerced into prostitution. The story follows her battle to escape her pimp and her battle against her drug addiction.
The crew of Royal Navy electronic intelligence vessel HMS Ariadne witnesses two disasters at once. A mysterious strategic bomber crashing into the sea and a large pleasure yacht on fire and sinking. The plane turns out to have been loaded with nuclear weapons, and the survivors rescued from the yacht appear somehow connected with the plane's destruction. With potential saboteurs aboard, Commander Talbot and the crew must raise the one activated weapon before it can explode.
 Arkarian is kidnapped by the Order of Chaos, who plan to weaken the Guard by erasing his birth. Isabel is determined to save him, but that means defying Lorian's orders, risking her life, and facing the underworld itself. They meet a new friend along the way but also rescuing Ethan's sister who got killed when he was a boy.
The short story describes the series of emotions Louise Mallard endures after hearing of the death of her husband, who was believed to have died in a railroad disaster. Mrs. Mallard suffers from heart problems and therefore her sister attempts to inform her of the horrific news in a gentle way. At the end of the story, it is made known that her husband was not involved in the railroad disaster and upon his return home Mrs. mallard suddenly dies.
The story is told in a first-person point of view by the ship's commanding officer. The Captain is writing this history several months after the war in order to describe the USS Nathan Jamess od Nathan James. The ship encounters a Soviet Navy ballistic missile submarine, the Pushkin, off a destroyed Gibraltar. The Pushkin has the fuel to conduct long, thorough explorations of the world.
The story centers on a witty, sly, illiterate and lazy protagonist called Wei Xiaobao. He was born to a prostitute from a brothel in Yangzhou during the Qing Dynasty. He is a member of the Heaven and Earth Society, an anti-government secret organisation. He agrees to be an undercover agent for them in the palace.
Around 4,500 years ago, the capstone upon the summit of the Great Pyramid of Giza absorbed the energy released by the Tartarus Rotation. This capstone was later divided up by Alexander the Great with one piece in a booby-trapped hidden location within each of the seven wonders of the world. If and when they are reunited and replaced during another solar event, they can bring 1,000 years of peace or power for the nation which possesses them. In 2006, seven days before this sunspot is again due the pieces are still divided and 3 teams are trying to reunite them.
Kitty Jones is on a mission for the Resistance during a performance of The Swans of Araby. She is woken up from her dream-like reverie by Fred and Stanley, the Resistance members she is commanding. She remembers her childhood, where she lived next door to a Czech family who owned a factory that printed books.
The British Empire is falling apart. Many commoners are unhappy with the current government, though none of the commoners claim responsibility for the status quo. The magician's demons are being assaulted by the children's natural abilities to see and resist the demons. Kitty Jones unearths the reason why humans and spirits are locked into the endless cycle.
The novel is the tale of the Drummond family from Vancouver gathering together to watch Sarah Drummond's rocket blast off at the Kennedy Center. The Drummonds are a group of misfits with a wide array of personal foibles and intricacies. The men of the family travel to nearby Walt Disney World where they receive a package destined for the Bahamas containing a letter written by Prince William stolen from Princess Diana's casket.
The Scapegoat is narrated by John, an Englishman and lecturer in French history. He arrives in Le Mans, depressed and Marie-Noel reads the label on Paul's present- a remedy for impotence. He is told that she is with the Madame Pregnant woman is actually Jean's wife.
This one-act play concerns two characters, Peter and Jerry. Peter is a middle-class publishing executive with a wife, two daughters, two cats and two parakeets. Jerry is an isolated and disheartened man. These men meet on a park bench in New York City's Central Park.
The plot follows the interweaving paths of the three central characters. Sheriff Ed Tom Bell is haunted by his actions in World War II, leaving his unit to die. Anton Chigurh is a hitman hired to recover the money. Carson Wells, a rival hitman and ex-Special Forces officer, is also on the trail.
Darren Shan is about to take the Trials of Initiation, a series of tests that vampires were forced to take part in, in years gone by. The aim is to kill two wild boars which have been injected with vampire blood. The Festival of the Undead takes place right after Darren's second trial.
After the Wrath of the Lamb earthquake, Rayford Steele must find his wife Amanda White, who was supposed to land in New Babylon. Believers around the world discover that they have received a sign on their foreheads visible only to other believers. This mark becomes a central plot device, since believers are able to locate each other with ease.
The Tribulation hurtles to its midpoint as the four murders prophesied in scripture take place. David Hassid is placed in charge of delivering 144 computers to Nicolae Carpathia, but diverts the delivery by telling the pilots delivering the computers to go one place and does the paperwork for another location. Peter Matthews is murdered by the 10 sub-pontentates of the world.
Rayford Steele is still wondering whether he really was the one that scripture singled out to deliver the killing blow to the Antichrist Nicolae Carpathia. Buck Williams is frantically searching for Chaim, believing that he has had a stroke, or worse, a heart attack. Leah Rose attempts to free Hattie Durham from BFFR, meeting fellow believer and GC mole Ming Toy.
Nicolae Carpathia has been resurrected and indwelt by Satan himself. The Antichrist declares that every single person on earth must receive his mark of loyalty and worship his image. Terror comes to Christians in Greece as they are among the first to receive the death penalty for refusing the mark.
The Remnant begins immediately after the end of Desecration. The Great Tribulation unfolds, with one million believers gathered in Petra under the protection of God. Antichrist Nicolae Carpathia continues to attack them and Armageddon approaches. The book ends, the final year of the Tribulation begins.
In the final days of the Tribulation, Nicolae Carpathia prepares to launch the greatest military conflict the world has ever seen. Believers all around the world are in hiding to avoid the Mark of the Beast and execution. Rayford Steele leads a rescue mission to New Babylon to extract GC mole Chang Wong from New Babylon.
Antichrist has assembled the armies of the world in the Valley of Megiddo for what he believes will be his ultimate triumph of the ages. The Tribulation Force has migrated to the Middle East, most ensconced at Petra with the Jewish Remnant, now more than a million strong. Petra is surrounded by the Unity Army, poised to destroy all that is left of God's people and usher in Nicolae Carpathia's new world order.
The Rising is the story of the birth of Nicolae Carpathia, who would later rise up in Nicolae as the Antichrist. The Rising deals with Rayford Steele's childhood and college days, and how he nearly married another woman. A conflict between father and son as Rayford decides to become an airline pilot against his father's wishes.
In the moments leading up to the Rapture, nobody knows it is coming as the clock silently ticks down. The stage is set as Nicolae Carpathia ruthlessly eliminates any obstacles in his rise to power. Without warning, millions disappear and are welcomed into the unspeakable presence of Jesus Christ.
Tom Crick has been history master for some thirty years in a secondary school in Greenwich. Tom has been married to Mary, for as long as he has been teaching but the couple have no children. Tom's wife is arrested for snatching a baby. The publicity that attends her arrest reflects badly on the school. Tom is told that he now must retire. Tom uses his impending forced retirement as an excuse to unfold a story to his students.
The Diary is written in diary format. The story centers on the life of an unemployed young man named Joseph. It ends with his entrance into the army during World War II. Along with Bellow's second novel The Victim, it is considered his "apprentice" work.
Sledge's memoir is a front-line account of infantry combat in the Pacific War. Sledge wrote starkly of the brutality displayed by American and Japanese soldiers during the battles. He also describes the behavior of some Marines towards dead Japanese, including the removal of gold teeth from Japanese corpses.
Family Voices exposes the story of a mother, son, and dead husband and father through a series of letters that the mother and son have written to one another and that each speaks aloud. A series of interlocking monologues spoken by three Voices , Family Voices exposes themes involving difficulties of communication, the vicissitudes of memory and the past, and family dysfunction familiar from Pinter's other dramatic works.
The film is based on the true story of CIA agent Sam McCready. McCready worked for the CIA during the Cold War. The film is about McCready and the CIA's relationship with the KGB. The story ends with Orlov being exposed, and stoically accepting his immediate execution.
Asa Leventhal's wife Mary has left the city for a few weeks in order to help her elderly mother move from Baltimore to her old family home in the South. Asa flirts with the possibility of widening his arc of responsibility to include humans other than himself and his wife. Usually, however, he finds a way to preserve his positive image of himself and to shirk responsibility for others.
The film is based on the life of Charles Babbage. The prologue is set in Highgate Cemetery, where Alexis Fairburn, an Eton beak, is kidnapped by Wolfgang and Ludwig Smith. The story itself starts with young James Bond and his friend, Perry Mandeville reminiscing.
The book follows the travels of a man to the small town of Evening, Oregon, where his beloved wife was killed in a freak accident the year before. The novel relies heavily on surrealism and a lolling suspense that is never realized in any sort of actual climax. Nonetheless, the book retains a small following of fans that greatly admire its "mature" style.
A young woman is found dead in a canal, molested and murdered. The case is almost instantly cold: nobody can identify her and where and by whom she was killed. Then a stroke of luck: through Interpol her identity is ascertained-Roseanna McGraw, an American tourist.
The enchanted castle of the title is a country estate in the West Country seen through the eyes of three children. It combines descriptions of the imaginative play of children, reminiscent of The Story of the Treasure Seekers, with a magic more muted than in her major fantasies. The Enchanted Castle was written for both children and adults.
The first half of Futility introduces the hero, John Rowland. Rowland is a disgraced former US Navy officer. He is now an alcoholic and has fallen to the lowest levels of society. The second half follows Rowland as he saves the young daughter of a former lover.
Robin Cook envisions in this book a strange contact with extraterrestrial aliens. An alien virus arrives on earth contained in a tiny black disk. Those who pick up the disk are infected by the virus. Beau's girlfriend Cassy notices major personality changes and an obsession with environment.
In an alternate world, where the existence of God has been scientifically proven and magic has been harnessed for the practical needs of the adept, the U.S. is part of an alternative Second World War in which the enemy is not Germany but a resurgent Islamic Caliphate. Some parts of the book can be seen as a kind of social satire. In this magical world there is no social stigma attached to lycanthropy.
Captain Bannerman Clark is the Rapid Assessment and Initial Detection Officer in Charge. He is called away from enjoying a steak dinner alone to investigate an outbreak of what is believed to be a biological weapon. The novel begins with a mysterious woman in California being bitten on the street by a random man.
Three students of an Austrian boarding school, Reiting, Beineberg and Törless, catch their classmate Basini stealing money from one of the three and decide to punish him themselves instead of turning him in to the school authorities. They start abusing him, first physically and then psychologically and sexually, while also blackmailing him by threatening to denounce him. Their abusive treatment of Basini becomes openly sexual and increasingly sadistic; nevertheless, he endures all the torture even when, after being deprived of any dignity, he is discredited by the entire class.
Monster Island takes place in Manhattan one month after New York City has been completely overrun by the undead. A former UN employee named Dekalb, whose daughter is being held by a warlord in Somalia, enters the zombie-infested island with a band of East African child soldiers. After surviving numerous zombie attacks, the group encounters Gary Fleck, an undead medical student who has managed to retain a high level of consciousness and self-control unlike other zombies.
Labienus was recruited by the Enforcer Budu when his village was wiped out by the "Great Goat Cult" about 15,000 years ago. Like many cyborgs, he despises mortals. Eventually Labienus is told to begin organizing mortals and start civilizing them - the first direct evidence in the Company stories that civilization itself is a result of Company activities.
The novel concerns Trevor McGee, a comic book artist and sole survivor of a family murder-suicide, and Zachary Bosch, a bisexual hacker. The characters reappear in Brite's short story "Vine of the Soul", published in 1998 in Disco 2000, edited by Sarah Champion.
Myra Breckinridge, the transsexual who terrorized Hollywood with dildo-rape and lesbianism, has transformed back into her former self, the castrated Myron. One night, while watching the movie "Siren of Babylon" on the late show, he/she is transported to the set of the 1948 film through the television.
Claire returns to Scotland with her twenty-year old daughter, Brianna. She hopes to find what happened to the men of Lallybroch after the battle of Culloden. After learning that Charles Stuart is trying to get money from the French King, Louis XV, they travel to Paris.
Hart's Hope is about a kingdom ruled by tyrannical king Nasilee. While all four gods dislike Nasilee, only the god named God takes action. God raises up the young Count of Traffing, Palicrovol, to overthrow The Flower Princess. Queen Beauty steals the Flower Princess's face and body and keeps Sleeve, Zymas and the Princess as Orem is taken prisoner.
Taran and Gurgi have returned to Caer Dallben following the events of the third chronicle, The Castle of Llyr. Taran travels with Orwen, Orwen and Orgoch to find the Mirror of Llunet in the far east Llawgadarn Mountains.
The story begins in the spring perhaps 18 months after the Black Cauldron. Dallben the enchanter has decided that Eilonwy, as a princess, needs different. She will reside at a royal court on the Isle of With Gurgi, Taran escorts her to Mona on a ship "captained" by Prince Rhun.
The Ex Colored Man is an African-American man. His mother protected him as a child and teenager. His wife dies during their second child's birth, leaving him alone to raise his two children. He later married a white woman, had two children, and lived out his life a successful yet mediocre business man.
The book follows Jason Worthing, also known as Jazz, who is a boy growing up on Capitol, the capital planet of the Empire. Jas has "the swipe", which is a genetic trait that allows for telepathy. The swipe is feared in the Empire, so those who possess it are executed.
Emily St. Aubert is the only child of a landed rural family whose fortunes are now in decline. Emily and her father share an especially close bond, due to their shared appreciation for nature. She accompanies him on a journey from their native Gascony, through the Pyrenees to the Mediterranean coast of Roussillon. During the journey they encounter Valancourt, a handsome man who also feels an almost mystical kinship with the natural world.
 Madame Giry felt so sorry for a young boy with a disfigured face who had been ill-treated that she crept back to the fair at night and stole him. She took the boy to her apartment where she aided and cared for Erik lived in among the slums of New York in a shack. He met a man named Darius, whom he used to do his bidding. Together they made their fortune by scamming and conning people for two years.
Mark Sunnet crashes his private rocket plane into an island of what is currently little more than a large lake. He soon finds himself and his female companion sucked into an underground cavern where they are promptly captured by mysterious pygmies. Sunnet and a handful of others survive, and finish the story being sunburned after years of subterranean life.
Claude Lantier advocates painting real subjects in real places, most notably outdoors. His art making is revolutionary and he has a small circle of like-minded friends. The outcry in the artistic community over the sidelining of new artists leads to the creation of a Salon des Refusés for the rejected artists to display their work.
Quinn: Our culture aims to both aid the survival of the homeless, by trying to temporarily house and feed them, but also to thwart their survival. Quinn proposes an incremental revolution in which groups of people begin to form tribes little by little. He concludes that the ending of the book is also the beginning of the revolution.
The novel is about 43 year-old Dr. Ernst Sebastian, a lawyer in the fictional town of Sankt Nikolaus during 1927. A middle-aged man called Franz Adler, who has been arrested for the murder of a prostitute, is brought before him. Sebastian recognizes that Adler is in fact his old classmate, who attended the Gymnasium for two years when they were both 16 and 17.
O-ha is a young vixen that has found happiness with her mate A-ho. O-ha attempts to move on and moves into a badger Camio, an American Red Fox, is being held in a zoo. One night, he escapes from the zoo and hops a train into the countryside. Camio travels to Trinity Wood, near which a town is now being constructed.
Lizzy Ender's father dumps her at a Santa Fe convent after her mother died on the Santa Fe Trail. A Methodist, Lizzy is an outcast in the school who can't comprehend the dedication to Catholicism. She befriends an unemployed carpenter and suggests he build the staircase. After building the staircase, Jose disappears and Lizzy decides to leave the convent.
"One Is Not Born a Woman" follows in the wake of Simone de Beauvoir's feminist political visions. Wittig writes, 'Lesbians are not women', under the assumption that the term 'woman' is defined by men. "The Trojan Horse," explains her theory of literature as a "war machine", echoing Gilles Deleuze.
In the first book, Dr Baines, comes to a black magician, Theron Ware. Tension between white magicians and Ware is woven over the terms and conditions of a magical covenant. Black Easter ends with Baphomet announcing that the demons can not be compelled to return to hell: the War is over, and God is dead.
Darwin's Radio is about a new form of retrovirus called SHEVA. It controls human evolution by rapidly evolving the next generation while in the womb. The novel follows several characters as the "plague" is discovered and the panicked reaction of the public and the U.S. government to the disease.
The novel's main character is the eponymous "Tiger," a 19-year-old girl who has run away to New York City. There she meets Luther, a playful con artist who takes her in and becomes her lover. Luther invites a homeless schemer named Theodore "Fat" Chance to move in with him. Fat brings with him Leon, a silent, rodent-like man, and together the two begin plotting to turn Luther and Tiger's apartment into
On Mars, Paxton is taken in by elderly mad scientist Ras Thavas, the "Master Mind" of the title. Ras has perfected techniques of transplanting brains, which he uses to provide rich elderly Martians with youthful new bodies for a profit. Paxton has fallen in love with Valla Dia, one of Ras' young victims, whose body has been swapped for that of the hag Xaxa.
Bella Lind is the captain of the Rockhopper, a spacecraft used for mining cometary ice. While on a routine mission, Lind is informed that Saturn's moon Janus has deviated from its normal orbit, and is accelerating. Eventually it becomes apparent that ship is heading towards Spica, a close binary pair in the constellation of Virgo. Svetlana loses control of the colony to Bella.
The story is narrated by Sonoko Kakiuchi, a young woman from Osaka. At the start of the novel she lives comfortably with her husband Kotaro. Rumors spread around the school that Sonoko is having a lesbian affair with another student, the beautiful young Mitsuko.
The book begins with the impact of genetic engineering. For 200 years modern humans morphed the genetics of other humans to create genetically-altered creatures. The aquamorphs and aquatics are marine humans with gills instead of lungs. One species - the vacuumorph - has been engineered for life in the vacuum of space.
Greenleaf's first novel Time Jumper is a coming-of-age novel set in Earth's distant future. The story revolves around two contrasting characters: a dwarf named Erin and an adolescent boy named Randi. Erin lives in a city sealed beneath a protective shield, where everything is artificially engineered. In stark contrast, Randi lives with his tribe in a much different and more primitive environment: the wilderness.
The story loosely follows the life of Wyatt Gwyon, a Calvinist minister's son from rural New England. He is inspired to become a painter by The Seven Deadly Sins, Bosch's painting in his father's possession. The major part of the novel takes part in the late 1940s and early 1950s.
TokitM Kensaku is a young, aspiring writer who have a dark secret in his family's closet. As a young boy he is sent to live with his paternal grandfather and his mistress Oei. The novel ends on a cliffhanging style, with the reader uncertain whether Kensaku would ever make it from his feverish state.
Set in a fictitious version of the Spanish court of 1519, it is based on courtly romance and intrigues. In the first scenes Hugo introduces Doña Sol, a young noblewoman of the court of Don Carlos, King of Spain. The King has come to her room to seduce her. They are interrupted by the arrival of DoñaSol's true love, the bandit Hernani, and the two argue over her.
The story begins with strange lights and sounds, including blaring trumpet music, reported in the skies all over the world. The events are capped by the mysterious appearance of black flags with gold suns atop tall historic landmarks such as the Statue Robur. Robur kidnaps the Weldon Institute's secretary, president, and the president's valet. He takes them on board his ship, a huge rotorcraft vessel called the Albatross.
Eulalia is the daughter of an abolitionist from New England. She is also the wife of a plantation owner named Moreland. Eulalia discovers a plot by a group of local abolitionists to stage a large-scale slave rebellion. The plot aims to "free" the otherwise-content slaves of the plantation.
Deenie chronicles the life of 13-year-old Wilmadeene Fenner. Deenie is named after the character Natalie Wood played in Splendor in the Grass. The book is about a girl who is diagnosed with scoliosis and forced to wear a body brace.
Susan is worried by the increasing influence that Lucy, Tony and Andy have on her real life. The scene becomes unreal, with Andy anticipating everything Susan says, then the voices of Susan and her imaginary family coming out of both their mouths. Bill becomes a clichéd bookie, Muriel is a heavily pregnant French maid and Gerald is an Archbishop. The final shred of reality is when Muriel says The ambulance is on its way, and a blue light flashes.
Oliver claims that the book had been channeled through him via automatic writing, visions and mental "dictations", by a spirit calling himself Phylos the Tibetan. The story was revealed to him over a period of three years, beginning in 1883. Oliver claims that a spirit called himself Phyllos the Tibetans revealed the story to him.
A Day With Wilbur Robinson follows the story of a boy who visits an unusual family and their home. While spending the day in the Robinson household, Wilbur's best friend joins in the search for Grandfather Robinson's missing false teeth and meets one wacky relative after another.
Beck travels to Hungary to search for a missing journalist called Alf Matsson. After intersecting with the Budapest police and the criminal underground, he begins to wonder if Matsson ever entered the country. Beck leaves his holiday and travels to the country to find the missing journalist.
Taran is dissatisfied with his life as a farm laborer, longing to become a great hero like High Prince Gwydion. Hen Wen flees the farm in evident terror, following the bees and chickens. Taran and Medwyn are swept underwater by a lake of black water. They find themselves in the realm of the Fair Folk.
Auriol Darcy is surprised attempting to remove the heads of two traitors from the Southwark Gateway of Old London Bridge. Cyprian Rougemont visits a deserted mansion at Stepney Green, where he finds the portrait of his ancestor. Satan has appeared to him in a dream and promised him an ancestral treasure, the price for which is his own soul.
JPod is an avant-garde novel of six young adults, whose last names all begin with the letter 'J' They are assigned to the same cubicle pod by someone in human resources through a computer glitch, working at Neotronic Arts, a fictional video game company. Ethan Jarlewski is the novel's main character and narrator, who spends more time involved with his work than with his dysfunctional family.
Cavewight Drool Rockworm wields the magical power of the Staff of Law. Drool is guided by a malevolent, incorporeal being who calls himself "Lord Foul the Despiser" Foul t Coalition is transported back to the Land and wakes on Kevin's Watch.
Frenchman's Bend/The Old Frenchman Place introduced. Will Varner, Jody Varner introduced. Ab Snopes rents a place from Jody; is discovered via gossip to be an alleged barn-burning. Eula is the last of 16 children and is immediately established as a symbolic-mythological figure.
Ariane begins as the promiscuous beauty of the fictional town of Babbington, Long Island. We follow as she tries to escape her demeaning job at a clam shack and bad-girl reputation. As Ariane weaves her story, Leroy acts as a foil and guide.
Thomas Paine Kydd, a young wig-maker from Guildford, is seized, taken across the country to Sheerness and the great fleet anchorage of the Nore. Despite all that he goes through in danger of tempest and battle he comes to admire the skills and courage of the seamen &mdash; taking up the challenge himself to become a true sailor.
Jewish-American writer and LGBT activist Ned Weeks struggles to pull together an organization focused on raising awareness about an unidentified disease. Dr. Emma Brookner, a wheelchair-bound physician and survivor of polio, who is the most experienced with this strange new outbreak, bemoans the lack of medical knowledge on the illness. For the first time in his life, Ned falls in love, beginning a relationship with New York Times writer Felix Turner.
Feluda goes after a gang of smugglers - who steal and smuggle out the country's valuable treasure, the unique stone figures that adorn ancient temples of India. In the bait, he has to take up multiple disguises, encounter many shady characters, all in the land of Kailash Temple in Ellora. He gets a little help from his able assistant & cousin Topshe and best friend Lalmohan Ganguly.
A young woman, Philippa Palfrey, finds out that her father and mother are actually her adoptive parents. Philippa suppresses memories of her biological parents and in the intervening years, creates an idealised version of her parents. Her biological parents were convicted ten years ago for the rape and murder of a young girl, Julie Scase, which caused her to be put up for foster care.
Jill, a seven-year-old girl who sometime has precognitive dreams, loses her mother Seryan to a fever. Her father, Cullyn, is a mercenary soldier - known as a silver dagger for the weapon he Nevyn has been searching for Jill, with nothing more than luck and intuition to guide him. Nevyn swears an oath that he will not rest until he sets things right.
Maria's Wedding is a comedy-drama about a wedding at a large Italian family. First traditional wedding since the family was split into bickering sides over a gay wedding. Maria's cousin Frankie, whose brother had married another man, has vowed to tell off the family members who were against that wedding.
Jessica Parrish is a down-on-her-luck archaeologist whose last hope of glory is to lead a team of explorers into a tomb. The team discover that the house is booby-trapped like an ancient Egyptian tomb. It is also seemingly haunted by ghosts condemned by King Tut's curse.
The unnamed narrator describes the qualities of Ligeia, a beautiful, passionate and intellectual woman. She impresses her husband with her immense knowledge of physical and mathematical science. She begins to show her husband her knowledge of metaphysical and "forbidden" wisdom. After an unspecified length of time she becomes ill, struggles internally with human mortality, and ultimately dies.
The novel is set in the Indian Institute of Technology Delhi, in the period 1991 to 1995. It is about the adventures of three mechanical engineering students who fail to cope with the grading system of the IITs. The book is narrated in the first person by Hari, with some small passages by his friends Ryan and Alok.
The true identity of the young, attractive woman found hanging dripping wet from a rope in her hotel room remains a mystery. Neither her clothes nor the conspicuous lack of any shoes provides the police with any clue as to what has happened. At the same time a young woman from a prominent New York family goes missing, but when the stolen body is retrieved by Crane her relatives assert that these are not her human remains.
The story comprises four parts. In Part I, set in prison, the occupying German guards issue a decimation order to the thirty inmates. One of the three chosen by drawing lots is a rich lawyer named Chavel. Chavel becomes hysterical and desperately offers his entire wealth to any man willing to die in his place.
In 1966 disgraced British colonel bequeaths a mysterious letter to his only son. The "item in question" that Adam's father's letter leads him to acquire from a safe deposit box in Switzerland. The icon contains the only official Russian copy of a secret codicil to the Alaska Purchase treaty.
This book is about a pre-teen boy whose dad doesn't always think about what he does before he does it. His dad used to work with a man name Dusty "Money Man" Muleman who said that one day he was going to form a new business. Dusty owns a gambling facility that was parked in Indian Territory and made a deal with the Indians that he could gamble on their waters and pay them a part of the profit. In order to save money, he dumps his waste from the holding tanks into the ocean at night when nobody is looking.
Artos recalls his life as he lies near death, from when he served under his uncle, the British high king Ambrosius. The action of the novel continues that of The Lantern Bearers. Artos marries Guenhumara in order to bolster his forces with much needed troops. His best friend Bedwyr eventually betrays Artos by his involvement with Artos' wife.
The story is set in 3rd-century Roman Britain, when Carausius has rebelled against Rome and named himself the emperor of Britain and northern Gaul. Justin, a shy young army surgeon, is posted to Britain for the first time although his family has been connected with the isle for years. He meets his cousin Flavius there and both become fast friends. They try to warn the emperor but are instead reposted to the Northern Wall in disgrace.
Bobby Pendragon's adventures are chronicled as an epistolary novel and those of his friends in the third-person narrative. The story begins when Mark and Courtney have realized that they have accidentally destroyed the flume to Eelong trying to help Bobby. Courtney meets a boy named Whitney Wilcox, whom she befriends and of whom she begins to entertain romantic thoughts.
A young woman named Lisa la Giuffria is seduced by a white magician, Cyril Grey, and persuaded into helping him in a magical battle with a black magician. Grey is attempting to raise the level of his force by impregnating the girl with the soul of an ethereal being - the moonchild. The moonchild rituals are carried out in southern Italy, but the occult organizations are based in Paris and England.
Calder's friend Tommy Segovia, who moved away a year before, has moved back to Hyde Park, Chicago. He is immediately jealous of Calder and Petra as they received the "glory" of saving a Vermeer painting in the previous book. Tommy finds a fish talisman in the Robie House garden and realizes it is worth a lot of money.
The book tells about the highest stakes poker match of all time, over the course of a few years, between Andrew Beal and a group of professional poker players. It begins as Ted Forrest, a professional poker player, is driving outside of Las Vegas when he calls the Bellagio poker room. The book then chronicles the three years of matches between the professionals and Beal, with the professionals winning most of their matches.
Andrea Orsini is an Italian nobleman and assassin. He is hired by the d'Estes to kill their ambassador to Venice. The novel begins with Andrea on the verge of embarking from Venice on his first non-military mission for Borgia. Borgia can only gain Citta del Monte through treachery, as low taxes and the love Varano's people bear.
Call It Courage is a story set in the Pacific Islands. It chronicles the journey of Mafatu, the son of the chief of Hikueru Island, Tavana Nui. The whole book being 95 pages, it is about a boy who tries to overcome his fear of the sea.
The story begins in the spring of 1913 with Roger Gale, a New York businessman and a widower. He is driven by his wife's dying request to remain close to their three daughters, yet he feels very distant from them. The Deborah works constantly at her school, and spends her free hours agitating for reforms and financial support to help the families living in the tenements.
The novel centres on two characters: Voss, a German, and Laura Trevelyan, a young woman, orphaned and new to the colony of New South Wales. Johann Ulrich Voss sets out to cross the Australian continent in 1845. The strength of the novel comes not from the physical description of the events in the story but from the explorers' passion, insight and doom.
Joel Johnston, a Ganymedean on Earth for his education, falls in love with fellow college student Jinny Hamilton. When Jinny decides their relationship is ready for marriage, she reveals that she is actually Jinnia Conrad, a granddaughter of humanity's richest man, Richard Conrad. To escape the Conrads and their vast reach, Joel joins the crew of the RSS Charles Sheffield. The ship is headed to a distant star on a 20-year voyage to establish a colony.
Darren Shan returns to his home town, the place where it all began. While the Cirque Du Freak rests at an old abandoned football stadium, Darren walks through his old home. After spotting his sister, Annie Leopard, living a happy life with her son, Darren decides not to disturb them.
Georgie becomes fascinated in watching a stranger attempting to smuggle fish in an area where nobody can maintain secrets for very long. The secret quickly becomes impossible to hide and Jim wants revenge, whilst the smuggler decamps to the farthest outback to escape a confrontation. His subsequent struggles to survive in the hostile environment and, knowing that he must try to literally cover his tracks, give this book its gripping denouement.
Alex is an 11-year-old Jewish boy living in a Ghetto in German-occupied Poland during World War II. Alex and his father get separated, and soon Alex has to learn how to survive in the empty ghetto by himself. The only thing he has to pass the time away with is his pet mouse Snow, the novel Robinson Crusoe and other books.
The story focuses on the border disputes between the countries of Inner and Outer Horner. The story chronicles Phil's tyrannical rise to power and his attempted Inner Hornerite genocide. He settles in the end to accept the disassembling of the Inner HorNERites as sufficient payment.
Marty and Grace O'Hara were very different twins. After their journalist parents were lost in a helicopter crash, they went to their uncle's island. Dr. Laurel Lee arrived with a Mokélé-mbembé egg, a dinosaur thought to have gone extinct but is believed by some to still exist in the Congo. The twins where to be left at their boarding school until afterwards.
Drowned Wednesday is the first Trustee among the Morrow Days who is on Arthur's side and wishes the Will to be fulfilled. She appears as a leviathan/whale and suffers from Gluttony. Arthur makes a deal with the Raised Rats, a group of anthropomorphic rats brought to the House by the Piper, to take him to Feverfew's hideout.
The story begins after the arrival of the Spook, who will be taking Tom Ward, the narrator, as his apprentice. The Spook is a cloaked old man carrying a wooden staff in his left hand, who travels the county fighting. He explains that most of his other apprentices have failed, due to them being cowardly, disobedient, or deceased.
The play tells the story of a brutish, unthinking laborer known as Yank, as he searches for a sense of belonging in a world controlled by the rich. At first Yank feels secure as he stokes the engines of an oceanliner, and is highly confident in his physical power over the ship's engines. However, when the weak but rich daughter of an industrialist in the steel business refers to him as a "filthy beast," Yank undergoes a crisis of identity.
Apollo 19 lands near the Aitken Basin near the lunar south pole. Mission Commander Gary Lucas vanishes into an apparent journey into the past-specifically to the builders' home world. After Apollo 20 completes trans-Earth injection, the base destroys itself, apparently in a thermonuclear detonation.
Main character Ronan Chantry, who is of Irish ancestry, is going into the West away from his troubles. Chantry's wife and son are dead, burned to death in the fire that consumed his home, for which he is blamed. He takes with him a Ferguson Rifle, given to him by Major Ferguson himself.
Captain Pausert, a well-intentioned, but inexperienced merchant traveler voyaging solo on the old pirate chaser Venture from the planet Nikkeldepain, is induced to purchase three young witches. The sisters were captured in a raid by Imperial slavers while visiting another planet on a jaunt of their own. In getting clear of Porlumma, the Venture escapes belated pursuit with the witches' klatha Sheewash drive.
A 16-year-old American boy calling himself Billy approaches Ripley in the village, asking for a job. Ripley agrees to give him a small amount of gardening work and puts him up in the guest room, but he believes that he recognizes the youth from a newspaper. Further investigation reveals that 'Billy' is actually Frank Pierson, the son of a recently deceased American tycoon. Frank soon confesses to Tom that he did in fact murder his own father by pushing him off a cliff.
The novel tells the tale of the planet Zyrgon, ruled by the galactic police called The Law-Enforcers. They are after Mortimer, who has cheated the government lottery for the 27th time in a row. His family is governed by the youngest daughter, 12-year old X.
Admiral Honor Harrington is placed in command of Eighth Fleet, the Manticoran Alliance's primary offensive force. The goal of Honor and Eighth Fleet is to instill enough operational caution and sensitivity to losses in Haven to force redeployments. Honor continues to work closely with Hamish Alexander, now First Lord of the Admiralty, on the military and political challenges facing the Alliance.
Auriane is a proto-Germanic tribeswoman, daughter of a Chattian war leader. Marcus Arrius Julianus is a Roman senator and imperial advisor. Auriane is captured in Domitian's Chattian War and taken to Rome. As Julianus orchestrates a plot to assassinate the Emperor, Auriane must carry out the tribal rite of vengeance.
The narration of the novel takes a different turn in the ninth chapter by giving the back story of Celia Madden. Celia reveals that the kiss they shared was meant as a good-bye kiss. Theron has convinced himself that Gorringe and Alice are having an affair or are somehow conspiring against him.
The story follows the separate but intersecting lives of two very different British men: a half-Indian solicitor and son of a Vicar George Edalji, and the world-famous author of the Sherlock Holmes stories, Sir Arthur Conan Doyle. Roughly one-third of the book traces the story of EdAlji's trial, conviction, and imprisonment for a crime he did not commit. About one- third of theBook traces the stories of Doyle's life and his relationships with his first wife Louisa Hawkins and his platonic lover Jean Leckie.
Lady Friday is a Denizen and Trustee of the House. She is in command of the Middle House. Lady Friday has kidnapped thousands of people and taken them to Avraxyn. Arthur gives all the keys to the Will, except for the Fifth. He decides to go to Earth to settle matters there before going after Saturday.
Lysimachus and Melesias seek advice from Laches and Nicias on whether or not they should have their sons trained to fight in armor. Nicias argues in favor of an education in fighting in armour for young men. Laches argues against the need for fighting in Armour by claiming that the Spartans do not practice it.
Martin Beck and his team realize that a pedosexual murderer may have been seen by an unidentified serial robber who was watching for prey in the area, at the time. The pressure is turned up when more child murders begin to occur.  Martin Beck is the author of the book, The Pedosexual Murderer: The Untold Story of a Serial Robber.
U.S. in economic freefall caused primarily by the world's dwindling supply of energy. CIA estimates put the depletion of the Middle East oilfields at just two years away. Radicals in Quebec resembling the FLQ, secretly led by Canadian MP Henri Villon, are pushing for a referendum on independence from Canada.
The first and last parts of the novel are set in Tep's Town, on the site of modern Los Angeles. The town is the base of a fire god, Yangin-Atep, who possesses the Lordkin every few years to burn the town down. The main character, Whandall, is an 11 year old Lordkin boy severely beaten by Lordsmen for associating with a Lord girl.
In Dragonsinger, F'nor is sent to the Southern Continent to recover. He falls in love with Brekke and discovers the wicked deeds of Weyrwoman Kylara. F'lar is eventually forced into a duel with T'ron, the leader of the Oldtimers, which ends in banishment.
The story follows immediately from the final scene of Renegades of Pern. The Admin building from Pern's first generation of colonists is discovered. AIVAS has remained undisturbed since the events of Dragonsdawn. Pernese society systematically regains much technology that was lost to the colonists.
In late August 1798, on the order of Napoleon, the Institute of Egypt was founded in the palace of Hassan-Kashif on the outskirts of Cairo. Approximately 160 civilian scholars and scientists, many drawn from the Institut de France, collaborated on the Description. The Institute housed a library, laboratories, workshops, and the savants' various Egyptian collections.
The story is told as a narrative by an unnamed veteran who participated in the Battle of Dorking. It is addressed to his grandchildren as an event fifty years past. The story ends with the conquest of Britain and its conversion into a heavily-taxed province of the invading empire.
The novel alternates between Jaimie describing his journey by wagon train to California with commentary by his father, a Scottish doctor. The novel contains, in graphic detail, some intense Native American customs, especially rite of passage. It is published by Simon & Schuster.
The novel is the story of John Johnson and Susan Colgate. It begins with a meeting between Susan and John after their yearlong absences from the world. The flashbacks have no temporal order. Each chapter is a different flashback, intermixed with chapters of temporally present plot.
Hermann Hesse's book is about an eleven-year-old boy who steals figs from his father's chest of drawers. Hesse himself made a comment on his book in a letter to his sister Adele, in which he stated that the way described in Kinderssele was one of extremely straight psychology and love of truth.
The book, which takes place in late 19th century New York City, tells the story of a dispute between a self-made millionaire and a social revolutionary. The main character of the novel, Basil March, is a neutral character from whose viewpoint the reader experiences much of the story.
The novel begins in 1922 with a depiction of traditional life in the Arabic village. The villagers feel compelled by the history of brave warriors in Arabic culture to destroy Kibbutz Shemesh. Their struggles lead to reciprocal trust and eventually friendship, but these continue to be tested. The novel ends with Ishmael going insane and becoming delusional.
Josh, Howie and Joey set out to make a living with their musical talents. Josh's main talent lies in the piano, having been taught by his mother. The two Lonnie lost a child named David who would be as old as Josh, if he were alive. Josh and Janey part ways, leaving sorrow in their hearts.
The three main characters are Sandry, a Lord of Tep's Town, Sandry's cousin Regapisk, also a Lord, and Burning Tower, a daughter of Whandall, the main character of the previous book. The authors researched Aztec culture for the book. Many aspects of the culture depicted in the book are based on that research.
The novel opens with Strieber's account of a nuclear attack on New York City in October 1988. Five years later, Strieer and Kunetka decide to document the effects of Warday on the United States. They travel through devastated southeastern and southwestern Texas, then the newly formed nation-state of Aztlan in the former American Southwest.
Mr. Harrington's one time affair with Maria Fawcet resulted in Harriot's birth, which had to be kept a secret to maintain the family's honor. After Maria's death, Harriot was raised by a family friend, Mrs. Francis. Harriot falls into a grief-stricken consumption, a condition now referred to as tuberculosis, from which she is unable to recover.
Nicholas Foley is a Soviet sleeper agent and a survivor of the World War II siege of Leningrad. He develops an ultrasonic gadget with which he can indetectably control the minds of others. When both the Americans and the Soviets find out what Foley has invented, his wife is kidnapped, and he is forced to flee the CIA and the KGB.
Waldo is initially presented as a deeply devout Christian, a philosophy he appears to have inherited from his widower father Otto. As the narrative progresses, Bonaparte's cruelty towards the children borders on sadism. Waldo searches desperately for some philosophy that will assure him that he and Lyndall will one day be reunited.
Odile von Rothbart is a young sorceress in training under her father's tutelage. She adores and respects him, at least in part because he has taught her that women are meant to be loyal to men. Odile is restless because her father seldom praises her, even though she is growing to be his equal in magic.
Dark Lord: The Rise of Darth Vader begins in the final hours of the Clone Wars, just before the implementation of Order 66 as depicted in Revenge of the Sith. During the course of Vader's search the whereabouts of several other characters from Episode III, including Bail Organa, R2-D2 and C-3PO, Chewbacca, and Obi-Wan Kenobi are shown. The final chapters of the novel depict the beginning of the Imperial enslavement of the Wookiees of Kashyyyk.
The novel follows Jack Potter, a computer cryptographer tenured at the fictional Academe of Pure and Applied Sciences in Santa Sierra, California. The story details Jack's first encounter with an alien calling himself Wheeler who apparently wishes to trade information with humanity. Traitorous alliances, deceitful propaganda, and shady business practices are frequent elements of the novel.
The Yacoubian Building was one of the most luxurious and prestigious apartment blocks in Cairo following its construction in 1934. After the revolution in 1952, many of the rich foreigners, as well as native landowners and businessmen, fled the country. Each vacated apartment was then occupied by a military officer and his family, who were often of a more rural background and lower social caste than the previous residents.
Alvin is released from his time with Ta-Kumsaw, an Indian leader who taught Alvin the ways of Indian people. The young boy sets out to start his apprenticeship as a Smith in the town where he was born. While there he meets a young half-black boy by the name of Arthur Stuart.
Frank is a young Italian man who works at a local store. His boss, Morris, is uncomfortable with his presence and offers him more money. Frank begins stealing from the till to pay for the store's improved situation. Helen is courted by the sons of the only other two Jews in the neighborhood.
The two novellas are set in Berlin in 1931, just as Adolf Hitler was moving into power. Berlin is portrayed by Isherwood during this transition period of cafes and quaint avenues, grotesque nightlife and dreamers. The Berlin Stories was the starting point for the John Van Druten play I Am a Camera.
Goody Goblin, the only nice male goblin, goes to see the Good Magician Humphrey. As the Magician charges a year's service or the equivalent, Goody has to find a good home for a pet peeve. Goody starts out with the bird and Hannah Barbarian, whose service is to accompany the goblin on the quest and protect him.
The Golden Notebook is the story of writer Anna Wulf, the four notebooks in which she keeps the record of her life. The book intersperses segments of an ostensibly realistic narrative of the lives of Molly and Anna, and their children, ex-husbands and lovers-entitled Free Women.
Lieutenant Richard Sharpe and his men of the 95th Rifles in retreat from the French victory at Oporto are unexpectedly saved by a small detachment of Portuguese soldiers led by Lt. Jorge Vincente. Sharpe gradually comes to respect Jorge's bravery in combat. While the British Army is in retreat, Sharpe is ordered to help retrieve a young Englishwoman, Kate Savage, the daughter of a prominent port merchant, recently deceased.
Flora meets the wealthy Lincoln Flemming at a dance one night. She becomes sexually involved with Lincoln and believes the two of them to be romantically involved. Flora later discovers that she was pregnant with Lincoln's child, which prompts his wealthy family to bribe her into leaving Mississippi to avoid scandal. She gives birth to a boy and names him Luke, but is forced to give to the baby to the Flemmings to raise.
The Logan family goes through hard times, trying to raise their children the correct way. T.J. Avery, Stacey's friend, is accused of murdering a white man, Jim Lee Barnett. Suzella is exonerated for being attractive and mixed, making her seem like a prize to all the males.
Westmark is a country in which King Augustine IV has slipped into dementia, depression and illness since the supposed death of his only child, the Princess Augusta, over six years ago. The King is increasingly manipulated by his chief minister Cabbarus, who has designs on the throne. Young Theo, an orphan, has been raised by a small town printer named Anton. Theo joins up with the men who hired him and Anton for the printing job: Count Las Bombas and his dwarf driver/partner Musket.
In both cases, the murderer has seemingly vanished into thin air. In the first case, he has disappeared from Professor Grimaud's study after shooting the professor. It takes Dr Gideon Fell, scholar and "a pompous pain in the neck," some 200 pages to finally condescend and minutely reconstruct the two crimes.
Set in the 13th century court of England's King Henry III the novel centers around the wedding of the title character. The wedding is interrupted by a merchant who claims to have been wronged by Gaston. Henry is forced to hold a trial to determine the validity of the claims. The plot is further complicated by the machinations of an abbot who tries to suppress the truth.
The novel tells the story of a highly dysfunctional family, the Pollits. The story centers on the father Sam, an idealistic buffoon who can't provide for his family. The character Sam is largely based on Stead's own father, marine biologist David Stead. The Man Who Loved Children was originally set in Sydney but the setting was altered to suit an American audience.
Money tells the story of, and is narrated by, John Self, a successful director of commercials. The novel's subtitle, "A Suicide Note", is clarified at the end of the novel. It is revealed that Barry Self is not John Self's father; his father is in fact Fat Vince.
The novel begins with an internal monologue by the 31-year-old Maria Wyeth, followed by short reminiscences of her friend Helene, and ex-husband, film director Carter Lang. The further narration is conducted from a third-person perspective in eighty-four chapters of terse, controlled and highly visual prose typical for Didion.
The Sot-Weed Factor is a satirical epic of the colonization of Maryland based on the life of an actual poet, Ebenezer Cooke, who wrote a poem of the same title. The book takes its title from the grand poem that Cooke composes throughout the story, which was originally intended to sing the praises of Maryland, but ends up being a biting satire.
A young boy is bullied all his life and decides to bully ants because they are the only thing smaller than him that he can beat up. The ants make a potion with special crystals in their hill and pour it in his ear ,when he is sleeping, so that he will turn into the size of an ant. He is forced by the queen ant to spend time as an ant, and learn their hard ways of the hill.
Evola sets out to deduce the first principles of sexuality. His starting point is Plato's "'Symposium'' and the myth of the hermaphrodite. Evola criticizes theories which overemphasize love and beauty to the extent that the physical side of sexuality is excluded or even found profane.
The main character in "Prophet" is John Barrett, a television news anchor. Upon his pro-life father's accidental death, he is encouraged to investigate and report on problems at an abortion clinic. As John Barrett goes through the abortion investigation with Leslie Albright, he soon finds God and Truth, along the way.
The 35th Maine set up a camp inside the land of Rus, outside a boyar's city, Suzdal. They are thrown into an intricate network of political feuds where the boyar, Ivor, struggles against the church. The men learn of the human-eating enemies called Tugars, seeing them depicted in a church. Keane allows for a vote to either stay and fight with Rus or to leave.
The story begins in the expected year of the rakshas Danh-Gem's return. Asvin, prince of Avranti is sent on an Aswamedh, a journey supposed to bring him fame and glory. The Chief Civilian is very worried about the sudden emergence of the danavs of Imokoi.
The book begins by showing the return of the ravians to the world, which they now call Obiyalis. The heart of Kol and the seven Hero mirrors where actually created by the shapeshifters. Many Hero and villain guilds are formed in Kol in the wake of Kirin's acsension as dark lord.
Yuan Chengzhi is the son of Yuan Chonghuan, a patriotic military commander who was wrongly put to death by the Chongzhen Emperor. He is sent to the Mount Hua Sect, where he is tutored in martial arts by Mu Renqing. He grows up to become a fine young pugilist and he leaves Mount Hua in search of adventure.
Jamaica Inn tells the story of 23-year-old Mary Yellan, who was brought up on a farm in Helford. Mary finds her aunt in a ghost-like state under the thumb of the vicious Joss Joss. Mary turns to Francis Davey, the albino vicar of the neighbouring village of Altarnun.
Julius Evola considered mountaineering to be an initiatic discipline consistent with his ideas on Traditionalism. Evola also explores the significance of mountains to ancient mythologies. The collection ends with a short essay, "Height", discussing the various ways that distinctions in height are used to connote "higher" spiritual states.
An elderly man takes his young grandson up onto a hill behind his house and gives the boy his pocket watch. Then, standing among falling apple blossoms, the man also "gives instruction" on the nature of time. Time is a pretty pony, with a wicked heart.
Kris peKym, a Yorgen and direct descendant of the Lawgiver, is an ideal figurehead for the movement to Norvis confronts his grandfather, who collapses and dies as his world crumbles around him. Norvis sets out on a quest - his mother had told him how she happened across an encampment of Earthmen in the mountains.
Bane's backstory is established in the book. He is born as Dessel on the planet Apatros, the son of a miner named Hurst. Hurst blames the boy for the death of his wife in childbirth, and often calls him the "Bane" of his existence.
The story opens with the description of a chance encounter between the old man and the young boy Linus Steinman. The parrot sitting on the boy's shoulder is in the habit of rattling off German numbers in no obvious order. One lodger speculates that the numbers are a military code of some kind and seeks to crack it. After Mr. Shane is found murdered the next morning and the parrot Bruno has gone missing, the local inspector, Michael Bellows, is recruited to solve the mystery.
The novel at heart narrates the history of the Shaposhnikov family and the Battle of Stalingrad. It is written in the socialist realist style, which can make it seem odd in parts. The only plotlines that achieve real closure are those whose protagonists perish during the war. Grossman describes the type of Communist party functionaries, who blindly follow the party line.
Anne finds the manuscript and schemes against Boyd in order to teach him a lesson for his carelessness. She asks Ben Wright, the youngest son and amateur poet who was also present when Anne found the books again, to hide the novel until she would tell him to "surprisingly find" it. Years later, when almost nobody who knows about Boyd's novel is still alive, Ben finishes the book and publishes it under his name.
Monty Bodkin is sacked from his job assistant-editing Tiny Tots for Lord Tilbury's Mammoth Publishing Company. He jumps at his pal Hugo Carmody's tip that his old job as Lord Emsworth's secretary Pilbeam is locked in a shed by Pirbright the pig-man. Pilbeam steals it, planning to auction it between Tilbury and the Connie-Parsloe syndicate.
The action revolves around a few characters brought together by a Hollywood millionaire, Jo Stoyte. Each character represents a different attitude toward life. Enlightenment eludes him, though, as he is ruled by his fears and cravings. Dr Obispo places great faith in science and medicine as saviours of humankind.
In the first part, the fictional narrator is contacted by a mysterious individual, who informs him of the disappearance of a deaf and dumb boy in a shipwreck. The second part recounts the organisation of an Olympian Island called W, in which life revolves around sport and competition. The final autobiographical chapter links back to the fictional narrative by a quotation from David Rousset about the Nazi concentration camps.
Rizka is a gypsy who lives just outside of a town in a vardo and waits for the return of her gypsy father after the death of her mother. Throughout the story, she experiences numerous adventures helping out friends and folks in town as well as outwitting local town official Sharpnack.
The Fifty Year Sword is essentially a mature-audience ghost story, in the disguised form of a children's book. The events of the book take place at a woman's 50th birthday party in an orphan's foster home. The storyteller entertains the orphans by explaining his adventures of obtaining the contents of the box.
Jack Kelso, an American ace pilot in World War 1, is shot down and nursed back to health by a German nurse, Baroness Elsa von Halder. After Jack is killed in a car accident, Elsa returns to Germany with their eldest son Max. Max joins the Luftwaffe and Harry, after fighting in Finland, returns to England, joining the Royal Air Force as a 'Finn' The brothers rise in rank and number of 'kills', occasionally hearing of the others exploits. The book is supposedly based on a true story.
Theo is traveling through Westmark, learning about the country of which he will soon be Prince Consort. A corrupt general is in a cabal with a rival country, and plans to surrender after a token resistance. However, although the general surrenders, his soldiers refuse to, and the nominal resistance becomes a full-blown war.
Claire is the wife of Jamie Fraser, her 18th century husband, and facing the politics and turmoil of the forthcoming American Revolution. The preceding novel, The Fiery Cross, concluded with political unrest in the colonies beginning to boil over. Jamie is suddenly faced with walking between the fires of loyalty to the oath he swore to the British crown and following his hope for freedom.
Lorian Nod is a promising Padawan and the best friend of Count Dooku. Lorian has been exiled from the Jedi Order and become a roaming space-pirate. Thirty-two years later, Qui-Gon has lost his former apprentice Xanatos to the dark side and has after much thought decided to train Obi-Wan Kenobi.
The Republic is decaying, even under the leadership of Supreme Chancellor Palpatine. On the tiny but strategic planet of Ansion, a powerful faction is on the verge of joining the growing Separatist movement. If their demands are not met, they will secede - an act that could jump-start a chain reaction of withdrawal and rebellion by other worlds.
Mark Twain's book is a collection of short stories and essays. The book is written as a narration of Twain's trip to Europe. Twain also includes many German Legends, partly invented by the author himself. Six Appendices are included in the book. They are short essays dedicated to different topics.
To be a Jedi is to not love or live as normal people do&at whatever the price. Jedi know that love is not meant to be for them. When Obi-Wan Kenobi and his fellow apprentice Siri approach a very human failing, the reverberations are felt for many years.
After Boba Fett's father, Jango Fett, dies at the Battle of Geonosis, he takes his belongings and searches for Count Dooku. Inner feeling and ideas are explored, jealousy of the clone troopers, his love for Padmé Amidala and yearning for a mother.
Taimur Martin, the prisoner of war, spends five years analyzing and replaying his life while trapped in a single room. In the second narrative, a virtual reality machine is being built by workers at the Realization Laboratory. The author ultimately explores the possibilities of what can happen in one room, because near the end the two strands connect in a rather ambiguous way.
All eight members of the Robins family are murdered or disappear throughout the story. The books were also a contest where the person who provided the best answers to who, when, where, how, and why each murder happened won $10,000. Most chapters contained all the needed information to provide all five answers regarding each death.
The main story of the novel is the narrative of the adventures of Adam More, a British sailor shipwrecked on a homeward voyage from Tasmania. After passing through a subterranean tunnel of volcanic origin, he finds himself in a "lost world" of prehistoric animals, plants and people sustained by volcanic heat despite the long Antarctic night.
A gunman shoots the passengers of a public transport bus with a sub-machine gun. Detective Beck and his team suspect the mass-murder is to disguise the murder of Detective Stenstrom, who was spending his free time investigating the 16-year-old murder of a Portuguese prostitute.
Nicola and Lawrie are placed in a Remove form, when all their sisters have always been in A forms. The misery is compounded when they discover that Removes are not even allowed to play netball! They join the school Guide Company and hope to shine there. The second half of term is dominated by the fundraising efforts of the Third form.
Peter Marlow is snubbed by one of his teachers from Dartmouth Naval College. Later, he and his sister Nicola, follow an irresistible sign to a place called Mariners. Mariners turns out to be a deserted house complete with its own crow's nest. Peter has found some microfiche which seems to show details of Naval secrets.
The Marlow family are staying at their cousin Jon's farm during the school holidays. Nicola's father inherits the farm and the family will not be returning to London. Neither Captain Marlow, nor his eldest son Giles, want to leave the Navy to run the farm. Nicola suggests by accident that her sister Rowan should do it. Eventually her parents agree and she can leave school to become a farmer.
This is the most detailed retelling of life in Haiti during Jean-Claude Duvalier's regime. It recounts the president and his wife on television, the regular radio addresses, and the exile of Baby Doc. This is the story of three Haitian women trying to make it through a diploma class in America.
The main character of the novel is Brother Blacktooth "Nimmy" St. George, a monk at Leibowitz Abbey. He is fluent both in Nomadic and Churchspeak. The Night Hag is one of the three avatars of the Nomad goddess, Open Sky. It is from her appearance that Cardinal Brownpony infers the death of the Pope.
Nicola's merlin, the Sprog, makes off from the train when she is on her way back to school, taking a sparrow for the first time in his life. A few weeks into term, Nicola is shocked to find that she has been left out of the Junior Netball team. She is a soloist in the Christmas Play, but does not find this much consolation.
The novel starts with a phone call, "Mr McCrindle's fence has gone slack" The ensuing Kafkaesque incidents set the tone for the rest of the novel. Tam, Richie, and the narrator find themselves 'sent off' to England in work-related 'exile'
The story alternates between two timelines: the world of Michael Poole in the year 2047, and that of Alia, a posthuman girl who lives approximately half a million years in the future. Alia becomes a candidate for the Transcendence, a collective group of immortal posthumans who are attempting to evolve into a form of godhood.
Closed Chambers is a new book about the Warren Court and the death penalty. The book argues that the Justices were split over the issue. It also argues that a tightly-organized network of conservative law clerks exercised substantial power over Justices during his time as a law clerk.
In 1377 England, a 13-year-old boy, known only as Asta's Son, lives as a peasant in a small village. He is saved from starvation by a traveling jester named Bear, who forces Crispin to swear an oath to become his servant. A true bond of friendship begins to develop, and Bear eventually releases Crispin from his oath of servitude.
The narrator, V., is absorbed in the composition of his first literary work, a biography of his half-brother the famous Russian-born English novelist, Sebastian Knight. V. tries to account for Sebastian's final years, including a last, cryptic letter from Sebastian asking V. to visit him at a hospital in France. V.'s final coming of age about Nina finishes an emotional tension that built up constantly.
Koharu is a 19 year old prostitute at the Kinokuni House in Sonezaki. She loves Jihei and does her best to avoid Tahei. One night she has a samurai customer over at Kawachi House. Koharu tells Jihei that she had promised to kill herself with him. She confesses that she did not really feel like dying. Would the samurai agree to be her customer for a Jihei overhears everything and is infuriated by her treachery
"In a universe that had been ravaged by a thousand years of interplanetary warfare, there seemed now but one thing that might bring the destruction to an end" "The right catalyst could well be the individualist rebel, Tohm... he who had once been a simple peasant and who had been forcibly changed into a man-tank"
Largely an autobiographical tale, the novel revolves around Timothy "Dildo" Dunphy. After Dunphy falls in with a bad element at home, his father, a widower, exiles him to the fictional Cornwall Academy. Over time, Dunphy struggles with issues including class structure, loyalty, first love, and his ongoing issues with his father.
Part One describes early treatments like a spinning chair which could reach 100 revolutions per minute. Whitaker then describes moral treatment, dating back to 1793 and the French. Part One describes the rise of eugenics which did away with moral treatment in favor of forced sterilization of the mentally ill. Part Three describes the invention of the neuroleptic drug chlorpromazine.
Cara Diana Hunter and her grandmother, Ivy Morris, realize they were being followed on their way home from the library. Ivy gives Cara her special amulet and instructs her to run to the top of the church tower. She tells Cara to find the Old One and tell her "the Wanderer is weary"
The book begins with Oscar insulting Ernie's "getup", and Ernie explaining "beneath this stripey shirt, there beats the heart of an artist" Big Bird arrives on a unicycle with Roosevelt Franklin, both thinking there must be a party going on. Despite Prairie's best attempts to get Big Bird to stop, he collides with all of them, hurling Ernie’s head through the canvas.
Le Queux's novel depicts Britain being invaded by coalition forces led by France and Russia. Britain seizes Algeria and Russian Central Asia, thus decisively winning The Great Game. Germany annexes more of mainland France in addition to Alsace-Lorraine, thus leaving the enemies crushed.
Illusions is a companionship and enlightenment story. The two main characters, who are doing what each one really wants to do, take on a relationship of teacher-student about the illusions that make reality. The novel features quotes from the "Messiah's Handbook", owned by Shimoda, which Richard later takes as his own.
The novel's protagonist, Laurence, is a hermaphrodite whose unsettled father, Paternus, decides to raise the child as a male, though "he" displays normative gender characteristics of both sexes. Laurence is sent off to college, where he excels in his studies, particularly the writing of poetry, a skill that inflames the passions of an older widow, Emma. On the night of his graduation, Emma professes her love to him and, being told the truth, goes into a deep state of shock.
The story concerns Bernice, a wealthy girl from Eau Claire, Wisconsin, who goes to visit her cousin Marjorie for the month of August. Marjory feels that Bernice is a drag on her social life, and none of the boys want to dance with Bernice. Bernice's best line is teasing the boys with the idea she will soon bob her hair and they will get to watch.
Arthur "Artie" Kipps is the protagonist of the novel. In Book I he is raised by his aged aunt and uncle in New Romney, on the southern coast of Kent. He is apprenticed to the Folkestone Drapery Bazaar, run by Mr. Shalford. He falls in love with Sid Pornick's younger sister Ann.
The book is set in and around the author's home town of Concord, Massachusetts and in the realm of Nyeusigrube. The book centers around Risika who born in 1684 as Rachel Weatere, a God-fearing seventeen-year-old who lived with her father, half-sister, and her twin brother, Alexander.
After being kicked out of Constance Billard, Jenny enrolls at the posh Waverly Academy. Jenny hopes to leave her old, unsophisticated, embarrassing past behind and reinvent herself. Jenny is more taken with Heath than Brandon due to Brandon's metrosexual tendencies, unaware of Heath's reputation as a man-slut.
The story is set in the fictional town of Mossville, which is inhabited by civilized anthropomorphic animals. As the book begins, Abel, a mouse, is enjoying a picnic with his wife Amanda. The two are separated when Abel braves the storm to retrieve Amanda's scarf, blown away by a gust of wind. The storm washes Abel into a river and he is swept downstream until he is stranded on an island.
Action takes place four years after the events of Star Wars Episode VI: Return of the Jedi. The plot outline is that the Alderaanian moss-painting Killik Twilight was stolen. The painting contains a Rebel code vital to the New Republic's survival. Han Solo, Chewbacca, C-3P0, and Princess Leia are sent to retrieve it at an art auction.
The story begins when Uncle Fred knocks off Sir Raymond Bastable's top hat with a Brazil nut fired through the window of the Drones Club from a catapult. Uncle Fred suggests writing a novel exposing the iniquities of the younger generation. The eventual novel, Cocktail Time, becomes a succès de scandale after being condemned by a bishop.
Fanny Price is a young girl from a large and relatively poor family. She is taken from them at age 10 to be raised by her rich uncle and aunt, Sir Thomas, a baronet. Lady Fanny grows up with her four older cousins at Mansfield Park. Over time, Fanny's gratitude for Edmund's thoughtfulness secretly grows into romantic love.
The book starts with a scene just a week before the surrender of Confederate forces of Robert E. Lee in 1865. The plot then moves to 1996. Kitty Mannock is flying over the Sahara in quest of a new aviation record. A severe sand storm fouls her carburettors and her plane crash lands in the desert.
Allegra Steinberg, daughter of movie producer Simon Steinberg and television writer Blaire Scott, is a successful entertainment lawyer. While on a business trip in New York, she meets writer Jeff Hamiliton, and before long, the couple are engaged and planning a wedding at her parents Bel Air home. As their September ceremony looms, Allegra finds herself faced with many business, romantic and personal problems.
The novel is set around 400 years after humans have achieved interstellar travel. Many different planets have been settled and a strange malady called the chill is sweeping the galaxy. The chill affects whole planets in regular waves and kills over half the population. Aton is expected to become a successful farmer and restore the fortunes of his family. He meets a strange and extremely beautiful woman in the forest named Malice.
This story is set on the Island of Sicily, where the Saint is confronted with the Italian Mafia. The story shows a slightly older, more mature Saint. Although still a formidable opponent for any criminal, he will not storm into action. An English tourist attempts to greet an Italian businessman as an old friend, but the Italian refuses to acknowledge the greeting. The bodyguard of the businessman attacks the Englishman, the Saint intervenes and kills the bodyguard.
Lief, Barda, Jasmine, and Dain travel to the Valley of the Lost to retrieve the diamond. The seven gems are the lost gems from the Belt of Deltora, which had been stolen by the Shadow Lord to overthrow Lief's country. The three travel along the river Tor, passing villages that have been raided by pirates. They arrive at the edges of Tora, a great city that Dain had been trying to travel to.
Lief, Barda, and Jasmine had retrieved the emerald from Dread Mountain. They travel along the River Tor to get to the Maze of the Beast, where they will get the amethyst. The gems are part of a Belt of Deltora, which will defeat the Shadow Lord.
Main characters are Barda, Lief and Jasmine, who have retrieved all seven of the magic gems from their perilous Guardians and lairs. They find the remains of a man, woman, and small child bearing a note from King Endon with the royal seal at the bottom. The Belt is whole and made, but the hardest part of the journey is yet to come.
The novel's first-person protagonist, an unnamed vagrant with intellectual leanings, probably in his late twenties, wanders the streets of Norway's capital in pursuit of nourishment. Over four episodes he meets a number of more or less mysterious persons, the most notable being Ylajali, a young woman with whom he engages in a mild degree of physical intimacy.
In this intensely psychological Modernist novel, the community of a small Norwegian coastal town is "shaken" by the arrival of eccentric stranger Johan Nagel. An eccentric stranger who proceeds to shock, bewilder, and beguile its bourgeoisie inhabitants with his bizarre behavior.
Bruck Chun's father comes to Coruscant to investigate the events leading to Bruck's death. A trial commences to determine if there is need to have criminal charges brought against Obi-Wan. Meanwhile the Jedi are having trouble with an experimental pilot program as their ships are constantly being sabotaged.
Rowland Mallet, a wealthy Bostonian bachelor and art connoisseur, visits his cousin Cecilia in Northampton, Massachusetts, before leaving for Europe. There he sees a Grecian figure he thinks a remarkable work of Mallet is introduced to Mary Garland, a distant poor cousin of the Hudsons who has been living with them as a companion to Mrs. Hudson. Mallet finds himself unexpectedly attracted to the young woman-to her simplicity.
The novel is set in the Fourlands, a country in danger of being overrun by large hostile Insects. It follows the exploits of Jant, also called "the Messenger" or "Comet" Two sequels, No Present Like Time and The Modern World have been published. A fourth book, Above the Snowline, was published in 2010.
The book is about three families in England at the beginning of the 20th century. The Wilcoxes, rich capitalists with a fortune made in the Colonies; the half-German Schlegel siblings who have much in common with Ruth is terminally ill, and Margaret and her family are about to be evicted from their London home by a developer.
The first monologue is split into two paragraphs. The second paragraph lasts for over eighty pages. The plot, what little there is of it, is revealed in the course of the two inner monologues. The first is by a former vagrant named Molloy, who is now living "in his mother's room"
The novel picks up several months after the events in the last chapter of Dilvish, the Damned. The Castle Timeless is currently inhabited by the "mad" demi-god Tualua. A number of wizards attempt to pass through this maelstrom and reach the castle.
"A Shadow on the Glass" is a fantasy novel about the Great Tales. The main character, Karan, steals the Mirror from her nemesis Yggur the mancer. Karan and Llian flee to Thurkad, pursued by Tensor and Whelm. Tensor uses a forbidden potency spell that lays the whole Conclave low.
The novel opens with Richard Sharpe serving as a private with the British army, then invading Mysore. Sharpe is contemplating desertion with his paramour, widow Mary Bickerstaff. His sadistic company sergeant, Obadiah Hakeswill, deliberately provokes Sharpe into attacking him, and engineers the virtual death sentence.
The tale begins with Sharpe witnessing a massacre of British troops in a fort by the traitor Major Dodd, for which he blames himself. After being hired by Colonel McCandless, whom Sharpe had befriended a couple of years earlier , Sharpe travels to Wellesley's army, where he witnesses its siege of the city of Ahmednuggur. Throughout these events, Sharpe is unknowingly pursued by Sergeant Obadiah Hakeswill, who has framed him for attacking a British officer.
It is 1803 and Sir Arthur Wellesley's army is closing on the retreating Mahrattas. Ensign Richard Sharpe is newly made into an officer and wishing he had stayed a sergeant. He is sent to the army's baggage train and there finds corruption, romance, treason and enemies old and new.
The year is 1807, and Richard Sharpe is back in England, where his army career is at an end. An old friend invites him to undertake a secret mission to the Danish capital, Copenhagen. Denmark is officially neutral, but Napoleon is threatening an invasion in order to capture the powerful Danish fleet. The British, fearing such enhancement of French power, threaten their own preemptive invasion.
The story recounts Sharpe's exploits in the retreat to Corunna. Sharpe sees Captain Murray's heavy cavalry sword as clumsy and cumbersome. In India he wishes he had such a heavy sword to butcher people with. Patrick Harper is introduced as well as the core group of the surviving company for the first time.
The year is 1805, and Richard Sharpe is heading from India to England aboard the cargo ship Calliope. Also on board is the lovely Lady Grace Hale, whose presence promises to provide intrigue and distraction to an otherwise uneventful voyage home. The arrival of Admiral Horatio Nelson's well-led fleet results in a breathtaking retelling of one of the most ferocious and one-sided sea battles.
Sharpe's Eagle is a novel about the Battle of Talavera. Much of the novel's complexity is omitted in the TV version. Sharpe takes it upon himself to shape the inexperienced and poorly-trained redcoats into full-fledged soldiers. The Rifleman also makes an enemy of Gibbons and Berry when he takes Josefina under his protection.
The Witches of Chiswick is a time travelling adventure story set in the 19th and 23rd Centuries. Will Starling finds a painting, The Fairy Feller's Master-Stroke by Richard Dadd with the image of a digital watch hidden within it. After saving the painting, his best friend Tim tells him about a cabal of witches who control their world.
Bob 'The Nailer' becomes involved in a plot by dirty big-government types. The story is about how he is first approached and used by them, and their subsequent attempts to end his life. Disenchanted with warfare when invalided out of the Marine Corps in the 1970s, Bob retreats to a small town in Arkansas.
Sam Vincent, an attorney in is hired by Davis Trugood, a Chicago lawyer to verify the death of his client's manservant in Thebes, Mississippi. Earl Swagger travels to Thebes with the intent of rescuing Sam after he fails to hear from his friend for several weeks. He succeeds in securing Sam's freedom but is himself captured and incarcerated as the only white man among the inmates of the nearby Thebes penitentiary.
Tara Road is the story of two women, one from Ireland and one from America, who trade houses without ever having met. They're both looking for an escape from their problems, but by running away, both come to discover a great deal about themselves. The book mostly concentrates on the life of Ria Lynch, the Irish woman, who has met her future husband Danny Lynch.
Based in part on McDougall's experience as an officer with Princess Patricia's Canadian Light Infantry, Execution follows the fictional Canadian 2nd Rifles during the Italian campaign of 1943. The novel's main protagonist, Lieutenant John Adam , is an efficient soldier and leader, who nevertheless finds "the vulture fear" inhabiting his soul after the execution of the Italians.
Never Mind Nirvana is set in the Seattle music scene and chronicles the misadventures of a former musician who becomes a prosecutor. Stylistic quirks include real characters from the Seattle scene interacting with fictional characters. Blurbs on the book were written by Peter Buck of R.E.M. and filmmaker Peter Farrelly.
Dr. Austin Sloper, a wealthy and highly successful physician, lives in Washington Square, New York with his only surviving child, Catherine. Catherine is a sweet-natured young woman who is a great disappointment to her father, being physically plain and, he believes, dull in terms of personality and intellect. One day, Catherine meets the charming Morris Townsend at a party and is powerfully drawn to him. Morris courts Catherine, aided by Mrs. Penniman, who loves melodrama. Dr. Sloper strongly disapproves, believing him to be after Catherine's money alone.
Alarm raised when a spatio-temporal transport is stolen from Galaxity astroport. Chief of the spatio.temporal service orders agent Valerian to investigate. A search of Xombul's home uncovers a book of sorcery written by Alberic The Old.
Teacher John Corntel asks his former Eton schoolmate Lynley for help when the 13 year old schoolboy Matthew Whateley has disappeared. Initially Lynley refuses, until Deborah St James finds the naked body of the boy in a churchyard in Stoke Poges. Lynley and Havers start their investigation at Matthew's school Bredgar Chambers, an elite boarding school in West Sussex.
This Canadian World War I narrative starts in Montreal, where an unnamed soldier of 20 years old is among those Canadian soldiers preparing to deploy confront the Germans. While he once thought of war as glorious, the narrator is forced to reassess his own patriotic ideals as his friends begin to die. The illumination of the truth brings with it the realization that war is a game of strategy fought between generals.
Valérian and Laureline are summoned by the Chief of the Spatio-Temporal Service. The Chief informs them that Xombul, the renegade technocrat of the First Circle of Galaxity, has escaped captivity. Valérian arrives in New York in the Statue of Liberty just as it collapses under a wave.
The story is an adventure on the high seas and on the faraway Mollusk island. An orphan boy named Peter and his pretty, mysterious new friend, Molly, overcome bands of pirates and thieves. Aboard the Never Land is a trunk that holds the "greatest treasure on earth," thought by its pursuers to be gold or jewels.
The TARDIS returns the Doctor to Gallifrey and the House of Lungbarrow. The Doctor is accused of the murder of the head of the House. The secrets of the past are catching up to the Doctor, in particular the secret linking him to a figure from Gallifreyan history known as the Other.
Ramona Quimby is a year older than in Beezus and Ramona and trouble still seems to follow her. Athough Ramona does not mean to be a pest, she still manages to create trouble without trying to. Ramona tries to do her best in kindergarten but it isn't easy.
Amanda Pynsent has adopted Hyacinth Robinson, the illegitimate son of her old friend Florentine Vivier, a Frenchwoman of less than sterling repute, and an English lord. Many years pass. Hyacinch, now a young man and a skilled bookbinder, meets revolutionary Paul Muniment and gets involved in radical politics. He has committed himself to carrying out a terrorist assassination. But when the order comes, he turns the gun on himself instead of its intended victim.
Mississippi lawyer and Civil War veteran, Basil Ransom, visits his cousin Olive Chancellor in Boston. She takes him to a political meeting where Verena Tarrant delivers a feminist speech. Ransom is annoyed by the speech but fascinated with the speaker. Olive persuades VereNA to leave her parents' house, move in with her and study in preparation for a career in the feminist movement.
First to Fight has one main plot, the story of a platoon from the 34th Fleet Initial Strike Team to the planet Elneal, interlaced with three subplots. The first subplot revolves around new Marine Joseph F. Dean as he experiences his first deployment. Another is that of Staff Sergeant Charlie Bass, recently demoted from Gunnery Sergeant. The third subplot is the sadistic dream of a tribal leader whose plan to achieve rule over Elleal is stymied by the presence of the Marines.
Stephanie Plum is an unemployed lingerie sales women. She applies for a filing job with her cousin Vinnie, a bail bondsman. Vinnie's assistant, Connie, tells her the job is taken, but suggests she start apprehending some clients who have skipped out on their bonds. Plum attracts the attention of a heavyweight boxer involved in the murders of several women.
Stephanie's Jeep Wrangler, Sahara model, stolen outside of the Eternal Slumber funeral home on Stark Street, and most likely wound up in a chop shop. Lula, the hooker introduced in the previous book, One For the Money, gets a job as a file clerk at Vinnie's Bail Bonds company.
Stephanie is on the trail of beloved Moses Bedemier, a mild-mannered, predictable man who runs an ice-cream parlor/candy store in the Burg. No one wants to help Stephanie haul "Uncle Mo" to jail, so her detective work is frustratingly slow. Stephanie must figure out if Mo has begun cleaning up the streets in a one-man killing spree.
Valérian and Laureline are ordered to Syrte-the-Magnificent, capital of the Empire of a Thousand Planets. They investigate whether the empire is a potential threat to Galaxity, the capital of Earth. Valérian executes a series of spatio-temporal jumps and destroys the Authorities' ships. The Authorities' base turns out to be a crashed spaceship.
Following on from the events of The Banquo Legacy, the Timelords have cracked the base code the Eighth Doctor programmed into Compassion's randomiser. The Doctor is forced to aid the Time Lords in the capture of Compassion to aid in the forthcoming War. Meanwhile, Fitz appears before a group of disenchanted, young Time Lords who are holding rituals based on the occult texts of Faction Paradox.
Obasan centres on the memories and experiences of Naomi Nakane, a 36 year old schoolteacher living in the rural Canadian town of Cecil, Alberta, when the novel begins. Naomi's struggle to come to terms with both past and present confusion and suffering form the core of the novel's plot. Through the eyes of fictional characters, Kogawa tells the story of Japanese-Canadians during the Second World War.
Russian soldier Grischa escapes from a German prison camp and attempts to return to the family home. After his escape he becomes involved with a group of outlaws, including a young woman, Babka, who dresses as a man and has been prematurely aged by her traumatic experiences. When he leaves, she gives him the identity tag of a former lover, Bjuscheff, so that if he gets caught he will be mistaken for a deserter.
The story follows a number of Jewish partisans and resistance fighters as they struggle to survive and sabotage the German war machine. The book's chief protagonist, Mendel Nachmanovich Dajcher, worked as a watch repairer before joining the Red Army. Mendel traverses Poland and, overtaken by the victorious Soviets, enters defeated Germany.
Valérian and Laureline are conscripts in the war with Valsennar. They are put through intensive military training. Few men survive the battles and those that do are sent to the Palace of Supreme Femininity for reproductive. They decide the best thing to do is to show the queen and the emperor the universe outside.
Nick Dormer wants to pursue a career in painting instead of his family's traditional role in British politics. Nick's cousin Peter Sherringham, a rising young man in the British diplomatic service, encounters a young actress, Miriam Rooth, in Paris. Peter introduces Miriam to French acting coach Madame Carre, and Miriam begins to improve her acting technique greatly.
The story takes place in Aguascalientes, Mexico on a ranch called El Rancho de las Rosas. It follows Esperanza Ortega, daughter of a rich rancher and landowner. Politics and family problems force Esperanza and her mother to leave Mexico for California, leaving behind her beloved Abuelita.
The Alflololians are dismayed when they discover that the humans have built their capital on top of where they had their campsite. Valérian and Laureline are departing the Earth colony Technorog following a tour of inspection. Passing through the protective shield that surrounds the planet, Laureline is suddenly enveloped in a blue flame and rendered cataleptic.
The main character is a shy, lonely, middle-aged man named Gil Stewart. Gil Stewart is forced to remember his repressed experiences of his childhood and young adult years. The majority of the book is composed of flashbacks, with the climax occurring during the present day. The Bowlers - Led by an individual which Gil refers to as "The Magritte Man", a group of mysterious men in derby hats chasing Gil around town. The Twin Mastiffs - roam throughout town and appear
J. Henry Waugh is an accountant, albeit an unhappy one. He immerses himself in a world of his choosing: a baseball league in which every action is ruled by the dice. The "death" of the young pitcher on the table-top affects the real-life Henry in ways unimaginable.
The original three stories are bracketed by narrative which lays the foundations for them and details the passage of time between them. Elder Grandfather Kinis peCharnok Yorgen is the subject of alien abduction. Kiv peGanz Brajjyd enrols at the school, on his way to the priesthood.
Widow Adela Gereth is afraid her son Owen will marry the coarse Mona Brigstock. Owen soon becomes engaged to Mona and wants to take over Poynton, the family home. Meanwhile, Owen is becoming more attracted to Fleda instead of the crude Mona.
A young Erling man living on Rabady Island has stolen a horse belonging to the island's governor, who has died. Bern seeks the assistance of a local Volur seer, who offers to make him invisible if he has sex. He travels to Jormsvik, a fortress for elite Erling mercenaries with some parallels to the Viking Jomsvikings of Jomsborg.
Ancient Eastern languages professor Jonathan Jones finds a magic amulet. Via the amulet, Jones obtains powers to cause pain or slow movement, and even kill. In the movie, Jones tries to warn the Department of Defense and get rid of the amulet. The film begins with the Columbia Pictures logo talking to William Castle.
Arabella, the beautiful daughter of a country vicar, sets out to London to have a season and make an advantageous marriage. On her way there, her carriage has an accident and she has to stop over at the hunting box of Robert Beaumaris, the Nonpareil of the town and one of the wealthiest men in England. He suspects the 'accident' to be a ruse on the part of someone chasing him for his fortune. Overhearing him make a remark to this effect, Arabella impulsively pretends to be an heiress.
Sophia Stanton-Lacy has lived away from England, following her diplomat father Sir Horace around Europe while the Napoleonic Wars raged on. Now that the Battle of Waterloo is over and Napoleon has once again been exiled, her father receives a temporary post in South America. Instead of taking his daughter along, he asks his sister Lady Ombersley to watch over his "little Sophy" and help find her a husband.
Duke of Sale is tired of being the Duke of Sale. He sets out on a wild adventure to find out who he really is. The Duke accepts his marriage to Harriet, discovering that he truly does love her. Belinda, who is the naive foundling who only cares about a diamond ring and purple dress, also finds her true love.
Sir Gareth is a noted Corinthian and has been a confirmed bachelor ever since his betrothed died prematurely, seven years ago. He decides for practical reasons to marry an old friend, Hester, who is unfashionable and plain. However, he soon meets a young, run-away girl and determines to resolve her problems satisfactorily.
Sylvester, the wealthy Duke of Salford, is considering marriage. He travels to London to discuss the matter with his godmother, Lady Ingham. She tells him of her granddaughter, Phoebe, whose step-mother is a bully. She tactlessly tells him that Sylvester has come to make her an offer of marriage.
Mitsusaburo and his wife, Natsumi, have been through a series of crises. They have left their physically and mentally handicapped baby in an institution. Their sister, also mentally retarded, had committed suicide while living with Takashi. Takashi has agreed to sell the family's kura-yashiki to 'the Emperor'
After the death of the Earl of Spenborough all are shocked when they discover that the late Earl has appointed Ivo Barrasford, Marquis of Rotherham to be Serena's guardian. Though Lady Serena may rage against it, there is no way out. Serena moves to Bath with her stepmother where she meets up with her old love from six years past. They rekindle their romance and become engaged.
Robin Tremaine is heir to the Viscounty of Barham. His sister Prudence appears to be a tall youth by the name of Peter Merriot escorting his younger, beautiful sister Kate. This scheme was conceived by "Peter" and "Kate" and takes London's society by storm. Robin becomes the celebrated beauty of town.
Sir Nicholas Beauvallet is one of the most infamous pirates of the Elizabethan era. With the blessing of the Queen, he sails the seas with the intention of plundering any Spanish ships that come his way. It is while thus occupied that he meets and falls in love with Doña Dominica de Rada y Sylva.
Philip Jettan is rejected by his true love because he is not foppish enough. He resolves to improve himself and travels to Paris, where he becomes a sensation. Once he returns, however, Cleone realizes she wants the old Philip in place of the "painted puppy" she has received.
The Dante Club is a group of poets translating The Divine Comedy from Italian into English. Members of the club notice the parallels between the murders and the punishments detailed in Dante's Inferno. Eventually, the murderer is discovered to be a former Civil War Soldier Dan Teal. Teal finds each of his victims when learning of their involvement in the stopping of the translations, which become their respective sins.
Skinny Legs and All confronts the veils of society; and the pain, pleasure and freedom derived as they are lifted. The reader is introduced to an array of off-beat and whimsical characters, including the estranged couple, artist/waitress Ellen Cherry and welder/accidental artist Randolph "Boomer" Petway.
The native princes play an interesting part in the history of British India. Apart from patronizing cricket in India, many of them were involved in promoting social and cultural activities in India. In 'Tintorettor Jishu' we meet the ex-Maharaja of Bhagwanagarh. Another ex Maharaja Suraj Singh appears in 'Golapi Mukta Rahashya'
The story tells of an unnamed young man who has a dream that he is in an old-fashioned movie theater in 1909. As he sits down to watch the film, he starts to realize that it is a motion picture documenting his parents' courtship. The animadversion is important to the story, as it reveals a bit of the character's insecurity. In the end, the character wakes up from his dream and notes that it was the snowy morning of his twenty-first birthday.
At the start of the novel, the main character, Jemmy is around age 10. The novel then proceeds to skip through time in the various sections of the book including his teenage and young adult years, ending when he is in his forties. At first, he lives in his birthplace, Spiral Town, at one end of the Road - no one there knows what lies beyond a short distance down the Road.
When Beale and Ida Farange are divorced, the court decrees that their only child, the very young Maisie, will shuttle back and forth between them, spending six months of the year with each. The parents are immoral and frivolous, and they use MaIsie to intensify their hatred of each other. Eventually, Maisies parents essentially abandon her, and she becomes largely the responsibility of Sir Claude.
The original historic 5-year mission is over. All of the Enterprises original crew have pursued other jobs, only to be called back into action. The USS Enterprise has been refitted and the original crew must deal with an incredibly destructive power that threatens the Earth and the human race.
Each chapter begins with a voyage which provides the foundation for the chapter plot. The storyline, like much of Michener's work, depicts a number of characters over a long time period. It starts in 1583 with American Indian tribes warring, moves through English settlers throughout the 17th century. The final major event is the Watergate scandal in 1978.
The novel tells the story of the tension between the men of Ruby, Oklahoma and a group of women who lived in a former convent seventeen miles away. After an opening chapter named after the town, the other chapters are named after some of the female characters. The focus on the women characters highlights the ways the novel portrays the gender differences between the patriarchal rigidity of the townsmen and the clandestine connections between the townswomen and the women at the convent.
Twins Jacob and Erin meet Shadow, a red fox with an unusual set of talents. They witness the power of Nikola Tesla's time travel device, the Wall of Light. Travel through time with them and follow Paul Revere, William Dawes, and Samuel Prescott, ordinary men who choose to act for the cause of liberty.
This is a novel about a woman, Delia Grinstead, who finds her own self-identity. As a spontaneous act of deep sadness and anger, she walks out on her family during a beach vacation. The narrative follows her as she deals with entering the workforce and considering what is most important in her life.
The heroes are trying to observe the green ray in Scotland. After numerous unsuccessful tries caused by clouds or distant boat sails hiding the sun, the phenomenon is eventually visible. But the heroes, finding love in each other's eyes, don't pay attention to the horizon. 
The story of a young Bengali man's adventures in Africa in the years 1909-1910. Shankar, the protagonist, is a 20 year old man, recently graduated from college. He yearns for adventure, wild lands, forests and animals. He wants to follow the footsteps of famous explorers like Livingstone, Mungo Park, Marco Polo.
Green Beret Quinn is brought out of retirement by CIA friend David Weintraub. He is joined, against his wishes, in his designated London flat by female FBI agent Sam Somerville and CIA officer Duncan McCrea. President Cormack is ousted from power and replaced by his vice-president, Michael Odell. Quinn decides to steal the diamonds, evade the police and FBI and set up the ransom drop himself.
The story starts with a boy suddenly waking up from sleep and finding that the handkerchief he placed just beside him before sleeping has turned into a cat. After arguing over math, a goat appears and narrates his life about eating paper and other artificial things. Hijibijbij appears and laughs after denouncing three names for all his family at three inquiries.
Dr. McCoy expresses his fear that he was killed the first time a transporter disassembled his original body and created a replacement. Scotty attempts to create a new method of teleportation that uses tachyons. He later uses this experimental method to send a duplicate of Mr. Spock to Organia via a souped-up transporter beam.
An unnamed telegraphist works in the branch post office at Cocker's, a grocer in a fashionable London neighborhood. She gets "involved" with a pair of lovers, Captain Everard and Lady Bradeen. By remembering certain code numbers in the telegrams, she manages to reassure Everard at a particular crisis that their secrets are safe from detection.
This novel is about the gens de couleur libres, or free people of color, who lived in New Orleans before the Civil War. The story centers on Marcel, a young man who has one white parent and one parent who is half Marcel. It was a common practice for the early caucasian settlers to free these children by
Paul Mathry, a student about to graduate and embark upon a teaching career, finds out that his father was convicted for murder. Driven by an intense desire to see his father, Paul sets out to visit him in prison. The novel ends with Paul's father, a hardened, cynical man, seeing a fleeting hope for self-renewal and a purposeful life.
Mr. Spock renounces his life on the Starship Enterprise to become the Messiah of the planet Kyros. In so doing, he launches a holy war on the rest of the world. When an experiment with telepathic implants goes wrong, Mr. Spock becomes the Messiah.
Captain Kirk's dead body is beamed aboard the Enterprise after a house fire on an unnamed planet. Spock beams down to the planet in order to confront its ruler, Omne. Omne reveals that he has pioneered the Phoenix process. The original Kirk is indeed alive and well, having sustained only minor though visible injuries.
The crew of the Starship Enterprise detects a rogue planet orbited by a miniature black hole. The crew find themselves at the center of a galactic conflict, in which an alien race is threatening to invade Federation space. Dr. McCoy, Mr. Spock, and Captain Kirk must participate in a series of trials that will determine their survival, and that of the Federation.
The Gridiron is a super-smart building for Yue-Kong Yu's business, the Yu Corporation. It can clean itself, uses holograms as greeters in the reception, controls the lifts, toilets, and offices, and digitizes everyone's voice on entry. Another key feature of Abraham was its ability to replicate itself, to adapt to modern office needs and objectives.
The story introduces Angharad Crewe, usually referred to as Harry, the daughter of a recently deceased nobleman from the Homeland. The orphaned Harry crosses the ocean to join her brother Richard in Istan, the remot Harry is kidnapped by Corlath, the king of the Damarians. Harry adjusts quickly and well to life with the king.
Two British spies are trying to frame French émigré Charles Darnay for their own gain. They claim he gave information about British troops in North America to the French. After nine months on the run, he is caught, and hanged. Lucie and Charles begin to raise a family.
The novel and trilogy trace the growth of the United States through the declining fortunes of three generations of the aristocratic Amberson family. The decline of the Ambersons is contrasted with the rising fortunes of industrial tycoons and other new-money families. The titular family is the most prosperous and powerful in town at the turn of the century.
The book tells the story of how a dead infant found on an Amish farm shakes the entire community. As the police investigate the death, they discover that the baby was not stillborn, but died shortly after birth. Police find cloth fibers in the infant's mouth and throat, including bruises on the mouth, which leads them to conclude that he was suffocated.
The novel is about a man who tries to figure out who is giving him vitality. The narrator theorizes that the source of Gilbert Long's newfound intelligence is a certain Lady John. Eventually the narrator begins to construct enormously elaborate theories of who is taking vitality from whom, and whether some people are acting as screens for the real lovers.
Billy Halleck, an arrogant, obese lawyer in Connecticut, has recently fought an agonizing court case in which he was charged with vehicular manslaughter. While he had been driving across town, his wife Heidi distracted him by giving him a handjob, causing him to run over an old woman. As Billy leaves the courthouse, the old woman's ancient father, Taduz Lemke, strokes Billy's cheek and whispers one word to him: "Thinner" The word, and the old man's behavior, startle Billy. From this point on, Billy quickly loses weight; the loss becomes more and more rapid and he realizes that Lemke has cursed him.
Valérian and Laureline's astroship has crashed in the middle of a graveyard of spaceships on an unknown asteroid. They are rescued by a motley group of various aliens gathering seaweed. They follow the Pathway of the Klaar towards the Master's lair. Eventually they pass into the forbidden lands and their pursuers give up the chase.
This book follows the story of Pete Hallam as he returns to the school and becomes a history teacher as well as a coach. It is a story of the aftermath of World War II and the loss of innocence of young men. He now is a teacher at Devon School and detects a subtle but deep hate between two members of the class in the first session.
Sassinak witnesses the death of both her parents and her two siblings before she is taken off planet to become a slave. At the slave depot she is sold, but is counseled by another slave called Abe - who is ex-Fleet. Abe adopts Sassinak and she begins her quest to go to the Academy, where all Fleet officers receive their training.
The story starts with Jon having an astral dream. He is transported through time with the help of one of his soul mates. He first finds himself in a field naked-and with both legs. Jon has been brought forward to the year 2150 where life is easy. He later learns he has to attain a level 3 of Macro perspective for him to stay in 2150.
The book focuses on three principal characters whose experiences are strongly intertwined with and often direct the course of the plot. Much of the book occurs in groupings of three chapters each, one for each of the three main characters. Raoden, the prince of Arelon, is taken by the Shaod, and is whisked off to live in the cursed city of Elantris, once, with its inhabitants, the wonder of the world. Hrathen, a Derethi gyorn, also soon arrives in A Relon, with a mandate to convert the country to the Shu Derethal religion within three months time.
 Moose Flanagan and his family have just moved to Alcatraz Island so that his father can take a job as a prison guard. His sister, Natalie, who has autism, is rejected from the Esther P. Marinoff, School, crushing her parents' hopes for Natalie's education. Moose takes care of Natalie after school because his mother,Helen teaches music lessons.
Unease and suspicion divide a small village following violence and death. Matthew Cortez is physically involved in the investigation. Only in the final disastrous confrontation in a ruined Mithraic temple does he, at last, glimpse the possibility of peace. Described by Antonia Fraser as an "honest and enterprising attempt to interweave the eternal and immortal longings of youth into the texture of a contemporary story"
The play, set in a Milan that is, in common Elizabethan fashion, mostly a thinly-disguised London, presents three plots. In the subplot, the Duke of Milan has feigned the death of his daughter Infelice; his goal is to thwart her love affair with Hippolito. The second subplot concerns Candido, a citizen and linen draper.
Valérian and Laureline are travelling to Point Central with Earth's new Ambassador. He intends to bring order to the galaxy by proposing a federation with Earth as the keystone and police. They are greeted by the assembled dignitaries that occupy the segment. The passageways between the segments are home to the Zools.
Be More Chill is written in the first person, from the perspective of high school student Jeremy Heere. Jeremy is a teenage loser, who can't get with any girls and is frequently tormented by bullies. After hearing from Rich about the "squip" Jeremy purchases the pill at the back of a Payless Shoes store.
Linda Condon is raised by her single mother, who denies the girl any information about her absentee father. Stella Condon does have a suitor, a self-made millionaire and widower of Jewish descent called Moses Feldt. Linda Feldt's life is transformed by her mother, Feldt and his two daughters.
Badenheim is a primarily Jewish resort town in Austria. It hosts a yearly arts festival, organized by Dr. Pappenheim. Slowly, the Nazi regime, represented by the "Sanitation Department", begins shutting down the town and preparing to move its residents to Eastern Europe.
Frederick Treves is an up-and-coming surgeon. He meets John Merrick, the Elephant Man, at a freak show. Merrick has a bone disorder, meaning that his penis contains no bone. Treves takes Merrick to the London Hospital and interviews a woman, Nurse Sandwich, for the position of Merrick's caretaker.
The film is about a man who travels through time in a Harley Davidson. He observes a group of men entering a building for a meeting. He finds the communications device and transmits the co-ordinates. Hundreds of capsules contain a Valérian clone in suspended animation. They have been made so that Laureline and Jadna can complete their mission.
Valérian is one of four representatives from different races dispatched to the planet Simlane. The best of the men of Simlane are sent to conquer the Island of Children. Each champion is asked to speak about how they see Simlane's future. As each champion speaks, images of the world they would build appear in the dome.
The story follows the adventures of a fictional "Cyrus Spitama", an Achaemenid Persian diplomat of the 5th century BCE. Cyrus meets many influential philosophical figures of his time, including Zoroaster, Socrates, the Buddha, Mahavira, Lao Tsu, and Confucius. The story is related in the first person as recalled to his Greek great-nephew Democritus.
The book starts with a prologue on Lagrimas Negras, an island haven for criminals in the Caribbean. James Bond travels to Mexico with his Aunt Charmian, who is visiting the ruined Mayan city of Palenque. In the fishing village of Tres Hermanas, a young Mexican pickpocket who closely resembles James, steals Charmian's bag.
Roger Lawrence adopts 12-year-old Nora Lambert after her father kills himself in the hotel room next to Lawrence's. Roger had refused financial assistance to the man, and he feels remorse. Nora is not a pretty child but she soon starts to develop, as does Roger's idea of eventually marrying her.
Bernard Longueville meets Angela Vivian and her mother in Siena. Bernard's friend and self-proclaimed "mad" scientist Gordon Wright calls him to Baden-Baden to pass judgment on whether he should marry Angela. Bernard recommends against it, based on his belief that Angela is something of a mysterious coquette. Gordon marries the lightweight Blanche Evers.
Nothing Lasts Forever is a sequel to Roderick Thorp's 1966 novel The Detective. It follows Detective Joe Leland who is visiting the Klaxon Oil Corporation's headquarters in Los Angeles. While he is visiting, a German terrorist gang led by Anton "Tony" Gruber takes over the entire building.
A civilization much more advanced than ours falls to its knees when electricity suddenly disappears. Chaos, disease, and famine ensue, which readers witness through the adventures of a small group of survivors led by François Deschamps. The group leaves Paris and starts a journey toward Provence where the survivors will create a new patriarchal society.
A French expedition in Antarctica reveals the ruins of a 900,000 year old civilization. The explorers uncover a chamber in which a man and a woman have been in suspended animation since, as the French title suggests, 'the night of time' The woman, Eléa, is awakened, and through a translating machine she tells the story of her world, herself and her husband Paikan.
The novel cuts between Walter Toland, a former police officer, and Baal Curran, an angst-ridden teenage girl. Both are playing Killobyte from their own home. Both decide they are in love and want to marry if they manage to survive their current ordeal and meet in the real world.
A novel of Scottish country life, in the dialect of Aberdeen. A story of humble life, centering in two saintly personalities, a dignified and pious Scottish peasant, and his daughter. A vein of mysticism runs through the story, and mesmerism and electro-biology are introduced.
The 'Howglen' described in the novel is probably a reference to George MacDonald's childhood home in Huntly, Scotland, 'The Farm' The 'Glamour' river, on which the town is situated, has been immortalized in the names of modern day streets.
Daric is a clone of a former Emperor of Earth named Darius. He is kidnapped by Kay-Tee agents in an attempt to bring him to earth to open Darius' complex. He escapes and begins a journey that takes him to an asteroid, Triton and Pluto's moon Charon.
The story is centered upon three main characters: Andrew, a poor, scholarly, godly man; Dawtie, a simple servant girl who cares for animals; and Alexa, the landlord's daughter and the landlord himself. The book is published by Simon & Schuster.
The book tells the story of a young boy named Diamond. Diamond is a very sweet little boy who makes joy everywhere he goes. He fights despair and gloom and brings peace to his family. The North Wind seems to be a representation of Pain and Death working according to God's will for something good.
No. 3: proof by example, biased sample, cherry picking. No. 6: ignoratio elenchi: "red herring" No. 9: false compromise/middle ground, circular cause and consequence, begging the question, equivocation, black and white thinking.
The story begins with Bertie finding himself with pink spots about the thorax, so he flies off to E. Jimpson Murgatroyd. After getting mixed with Orlo Porter fleeing from a policeman and a crowd, Bertie is sentenced by the doc to a quiet life in the country.
The book chronicles a three-week fishing trip through central Nova Scotia. Many of the areas described in the book are now well known to back-country campers. Paine, a wealthy New England socialite, initially had some difficulties with the lack of modern amenities in camp life, but soon came to love the rugged beauty and solitude of the woods.
Wyatt is an aspiring footballer from Wrykyn, Cornwall. He is given a chance by headmaster Firby-Smith after a fight with a gang of boys. His father is enraged by a report saying Mike's performance in school has been poor last term. Mike meets Psmith, an ex-Etonian whose family lives near Mike.
Mike meets John Bickersdyke for the first time when he walks behind the bowler's arm, causing Mike to get out on ninety-eight. Mike's father regretfully informs him that, having lost a large amount of money Psmith is placed in Clement's Inn on a whim of his father's. Mike is worried that their employer has it in for them both and that they are powerless.
Mr Wilberfloss, editor of Cosy Moments magazine, is forced by ill-health to go away to the mountains for ten weeks of rest. Pugsy Maloney, the office boy, brings in a cat he has rescued Mike and Psmith find themselves in "Pleasant Street", a slum neighbourhood. Upset by the poverty, Psmith resolves to dedicate the energies ofCosy Moments to the issue. Windsor and Brady join forces to help Kid Brady's career
George Flack is the Paris correspondent for an American scandal sheet called The Reverberator. Francie Dosson, a pretty but not always tactful American girl, confides to Flack some gossip about the Proberts, the Frenchified family of her fiancée, Gaston Probert. Gaston is initially dismayed by Francie's indiscretions, but with the support of his sister Suzanne, he decides to accept Francie.
Julia Bream dies after giving birth to her only child, a daughter named Effie. Julia had a horrible stepmother, so she extracts a promise from her husband Tony never to marry again as long as Effie is alive. Several years pass. Julia's old school friend Rose Armiger is in love with Tony, though she is ostensibly engaged to Dennis Vidal. Rose drowns little Effie so Tony will be free to remarry.
The novel follows the surreal misadventures of an unnamed protagonist who makes a living as a commercial writer. The protagonist is compelled to return to the Dolphin Hotel, a seedy establishment where he once stayed with a woman he loved. Along the way, the protagonist meets a clairvoyant and troubled 13-year-old girl, her equally troubled parents, a one-armed poet and a sympathetic receptionist.
The novel tells the story of two cousins, Jean Taconnat and Marcel Lornans, travelling from Cette, France to Oran, Algeria. They meet Clovis Dardentor, a wealthy industrialist, who is the central character of the novel. The cousins come to a plan: They will find a way to save ClovIs' life, so that he will indeed be legally required to adopt them.
Set at the fictional school of Eckleton, the story centres around the house of "Kay's" The story features practical jokes, fighting between the boys and with the locals in the nearby town, politics amongst the houses of the school, a trip to an army-style camp, and plenty of cricket and rugby.
Jeremy Garnet meets Ukridge and Millie on a farm in Dorset. He falls in love with Phyllis, the daughter of Ukridge's neighbour. But the Ukridges flee to London to flee their creditors. When they return, they have turned to the chickens. Garnet finds himself in the Professor's bad books.
Silvestro Ferrauto is a Sicilian working as a typesetter in Milan. He decides to visit Sicily after receiving a letter from his father. The letter reveals that the father has abandoned his mother. The novel closes with his father sobbing in the kitchen whilst the mother scrubs his feet.
Millionaire Benjamin Scobell decides to build a casino on the small Mediterranean island of Mervo. Little does he know that his stepdaughter Betty has history with the young man John Maude. His schemes lead to a rift between the newly-reunited pair.
Roland Crane, a wealthy map collector, is visited by Polly Gould, a cousin of an army friend who has disappeared. She is obsessed with locating a map of Ireland, torn down the middle, that her cousin discovered just before he vanished. This same map had formerly been in the possession of Roland and his family, and transported them into a strange alternate dimension. Polly believes the map holds the key to recovering her cousin, and that Roland can help her find it.
The widowed Lord Theign is planning to sell his painting Duchess of Waterbridge by Sir Joshua Reynolds to American billionaire Breckinridge Bender. Hugh Crimble, a young art critic, argues against the sale, saying that Britain's art treasures should stay in the country. Eventually, Crimble's hunch about the Mantovano turns out to be correct.
The novel begins in a near future world of ray guns and robots, but ends up marching all over time. Khamushkei the Undying destroyed an ancient civilization on earth, but ended up locked away in a Time Vault. After seven millennia, the vaults seals are giving way, and five average citizens are caught up in a race to reseal the vault.
The book is a transcript of a sermon given to the Connecticut General Assembly, on May 8, 1783. At the time, Stiles was the President of Yale College. The sermon draws parallels between the United States and the Biblical nation of Israel. Stiles refers to the US as an "American Israel"
The novel follows the life of a young aspiring writer, Viktor Alekseyevich Zolotaryov, in a struggling post-Soviet society. The source of the title is Viktor's pet penguin Misha, a King Penguin obtained after the local zoo in Kiev gave away its animals to those who could afford to support them. The novel is not about mafia intrigue but rather about one man and his pet/avatar as they are caught up in situations they do not understand.
Frank McCourt's pedagogy involves the students taking responsibility for their own learning. Much of his early teaching involves telling anecdotes about his childhood in Ireland. McCourt taught from the time he was twenty-seven and continued for thirty years. He spent most of his teaching career at Stuyvesant High School.
The story takes place in 1919-1920 and deals with the final year in the life of its main character, Henry Earlforward. Henry marries Violet Arb, a widow who keeps a neighbouring shop, and who sees in Henry a financially secure future. Their lives are contrasted to that of their maid servant Elsie Sprickett, who brings life and a future to the bittersweet tale.
Graham Fielder returns from Europe to the wealthy resort of Newport, Rhode Island, to see his dying uncle Frank Betterman. Rosanna Gaw, the daughter of Betterman's embittered ex-partner Abel Gaw, is also at Newport. She has succeeded in bringing about a partial reconciliation between the two elderly men.
Young Ralph Pendrel of New York has written a fine essay on the reading of history. The essay so impresses a distant English relative that he bequeaths an 18th century London house to Ralph. He feels himself going back in time as soon as he crosses the threshold. At this dramatic juncture, the part of the novel that James wrote in 1900 breaks off.
Like many of Dostoyevsky's stories, "White Nights" is told in first person by a nameless narrator. The main character lives alone in a small apartment in Saint Petersburg with only his older, non-social maid Matrona to keep him company. He tells the story of his relationship with a young girl called Nastenka.
The novel follows the life of the Jewish protagonist Jacob Heym in the ghetto of Aódz, Poland during the German occupation of World War II. Jacob lies for the first time by pretending that he possesses a radio. The question raised in the reader's mind is "Does he act responsibly by lying, even if he has only good intentions?"
The player characters must solve the mystery of who killed the Baron of Restenford. The longer the players take to find the murderer, the more unfortunate events occur in the village. The village, Garrotten, is reputed to be the place to go to have someone killed.
The story is told by the reserved Bartolomeo Aguilera whose cunning and bravery contribute to the outcome of the novel. Born with physical defects, he has integrated prosthetic material into his body as compensation. A planet suitable for human life has been discovered. It is a short distance away and therefore a landing can be attempted. Antioch, as they soon discover, is deserted and has long been so.
The Swoop! tells of the simultaneous invasion of England by several armies. The invaders are the Russians under Grand Duke Vodkakoff, the Germans under Prince Otto of Saxe-Pfennig, and the Bollygollans in war canoes. The book features references to many well-known figures of the day.
Peter Burns fell deeply in love with a Miss Audrey Blake, daughter of an impoverished artist. They got engaged, but shortly after the death of her father, she ran off and married another Burns is a Classics master at Sanstead House, the school Ogden Ford plans to send to. He learns that any attempt to kidnap the tempestuous boy will require great skill.
The narrator visits the New England home of an ancient widow, Mrs. Rimmle, and her three aging daughters: Becky, Jane and Maria. The daughters would also like to see Europe but their mother falls ill whenever their plans get close to materializing. Finally, family friends take Jane to Europe, where she is too happy ever to return.
Spencer Brydon returns to New York City after more than 30 years abroad. He has agreed to have his old family house demolished in favor of a more lucrative apartment building. Brydon begins to believe that his alter ego, the man he might have been, is haunting the "jolly corner"
The book is designed to alter the reader's perceptions of the universe through the exploration of a fourth dimension. The information gives the reader a much better understanding of the concept of higher dimensions. Abbott's Flatland is put to use by means of analogies, which are used throughout the book.
The novel tells the story of three people: a middle aged woman yearning to become a musician, a ghostly violinist, and the ghost of Beethoven. The book is set in numerous places, including Vienna, New Orleans and Rio de Janeiro. The story begins with Triana, who apparently becomes insane due to the death of her second husband.
Ken Kimble is raised the son of a pastor in Missouri and becomes a minister like his father. While working as a chaplain in a Bible college in Richmond, Virginia he feels attracted to Birdie Bell, one of his female students. Ken, who is 32, marries the 19-year-old Birdie on the spot. The Kimbles have two children, Charlie and Jody.
A young boy living in a polluted town visits a strange reclusive man called the Once-ler. He explains to the boy that he arrived in a beautiful, pristine valley containing happy, playful fauna that spent their days romping around blissfully among "Truffula trees" He proceeded to cut down the Truffula trees to gather raw material to knit "Thneeds," a comically versatile invention of his, "which everyone needs" By cutting down the tree, however, he summoned the titular Lorax, who was "shortish and oldish and brownish and mossy ... with a voice that was sharpish and bossy"
The narrator recalls a Christmas party that he had found more interesting. The party was given with the pretext of being a children's party, but its real purpose was for the wealthy host's family to talk business with rich members of the community. The wealthiest guest was Julian Mastakovich, a rotund landowner.
The book questions the U.S. government version of the events and raises a large number of questions. It makes the following claims: The actions that provoked the collapse of the Twin Towers in the heart of New York and damaged part of the Pentagon building were not the result of attempts by foreign suicide pilots. The war on Afghanistan was not a response to the September 11 events, since it was prepared long before in coordination with the British.
The Bengali term Meyebela means "girlhood" The book has been banned in Bangladesh because "its contents might hurt the existing social system and religious sentiments of the people" Her father is described by Nasrin as rude and tyrannical. Nasrin was also sexually exploited by two of her family elders.
Ion storms have caused the boundaries of the Neutral Zone between the Federation and Romulans to shift. The planet Arachne IV, inhabited by a strange ant-like race, could be lost to the Federation due to the changes in space. Mr. Spock goes on a death-defying assignment into a war of ant- like creatures along with a scientist who hates Vulcans.
The novel concerns "Lucky" Jack Waley, a computer salesman and conman unfortunate enough to be aboard the starship Bucentaure. He crashlands on the planet Kerim, a planet where anything you ask for from the mysterious Pe'Ichen is instantly manufactured before your eyes. Jack connects up with a variety of rogues to try to save the day.
The book focuses on the exploits of Strega Nona, a sort of female witch doctor noted throughout her home village for her numerous successful remedies. She employs the assistance of a dim but lanky young man named Big Anthony, leaving her residence under his care while visiting a close acquaintance. Big Anthony decides to use the pot to his advantage by summoning humongous amounts of pasta for the villagers.
The original novel, which is set on the bleak coast of Northern Michigan, tells the story of a young thief named Jack Ryan. Jack gets involved with a psychotic woman named Nancy, a young seductress who got her thrills by smashing windows and breaking the hearts of married men. She plans to have Jack steal a $50,000 payroll from Ray Ritchie.
The novel features the story of Dray Prescot, an English sailor of Lord Nelson's navy, and his miraculous teleportation to the planet Kregen. There he is trained as an agent for the mysterious Savanti, an apparently benevolent secret society devoted to improving the lot of humanity. Prescot falls from grace among his hosts for supplying forbidden aid to Delia, princess of the island empire of Vallia.
Before the dawn of the apocalyptic 'Year of the Beast' in 1666, Balthasar Embriaco sets out on an adventure that will take him across the breadth of the civilised world. Balthazar's urgent quest is to track down a copy of one of the rarest and most coveted books ever printed.
Laureline departs the planet Rubanis, in the Constellation of Cassiopeia. Using a telepathic link provided by Galaxity, she communicates with Valérian to keep him up to date with her progress. A train derailed at Châtelet on the Métro. Albert observes a group of men - some of whom appear to be businessmen - heading down the tunnel.
Valérian wakes up in a hotel room next to the blonde woman he met at the end of Métro Châtelet, Direction Cassiopeia. Laureline has found out more about what happened on Zomuk when the four elements were stolen. The disintegrator was manufactured on one of the asteroids of the Elsinn Belt, a known hideout for space pirates.
Valerian has been hunting one of the native Glapum'tiens for some time. Valérian and Laureline are astonished to discover a spatio-temporal relay. The Ghost of Inverloch reveals himself to be the Chief of the Spatio-Temporal Continues in The Rage of Hypsis...
The Ghosts of Inverloch is the second episode in the series. It is set in the aftermath of the 1986 catastrophe at the Arctic Circle. Three Lords of Hypsis are behind the Hvexdet and the sabotage of Earth's nuclear defence capability. The Chief asks God if he can be returned to Galaxity, even though it has gone.
Jal Valérian, Laureline and Albert are to be found at a café in a small village in Tunisia. The Wûûrm are declining in numbers and so to meet a fellow member of the species is a special occasion. After enjoying themselves in the ship's casino and the ballroom, Kistna invites Jal to her cabin to consum. Jal attacks her and succeeds in his mission - to steal her psychic powers.
Valérian and Laureline have brought their crippled astroship to a repair yard on the planet Rubanis. They are approached by the three Shingouz who advise them to visit Colonel T'loc. As they fly through the Second Circle, they are attacked by a woman driving a black limousine. The contact arrives a demands 100 Ebebe pearls for the information.
Valérian is brooding over the loss of Galaxity and has immersed himself into the astroship's history tapes. Laureline breaks him from his reverie and elects to bring him exploring to take his mind off things The Spirit of Hypsis reads out a contract between God and Vivaxis. He warns them against experimenting with human nature.
Valérian and Laureline are travelling salesmen on the edge of the mysterious Great Void. They befriend a young girl, Ky-Gaï, who has lost her job after the spacesuit factory in which she worked closed down. Valérian agrees to let them go only if they'll give them information about the location of the Earth.
Dargaud's new album is called "The Great Void" and is out now. The band will be travelling to the end of the universe in search of the disappeared Earth. They will confront the Wolochs, terrifying stone monsters that reign there as impassive masters.
 Hop-o'-My-Thumb is the youngest of seven children in a poor woodcutter's family. When the children are abandoned by their parents, he finds a variety of means to save his life. After being threatened and pursued by a giant, Poucet steals the magic "seven-league boots" from the sleeping giant.
Adam Dalgliesh is brought in to investigate the mysterious death of a famous writer on a remote and inaccessible island off the Cornish coast. The writer is pressuring the manager of the Combe Island Trust, Rupert Maycroft, to allow him to live in a cottage. Health authorities put the island under quarantine to contain the spread of disease. All the people on the island are asked by the police to move into Combe House.
The Outsider is an insightful work of literary and philosophical criticism. The book is still published with enthusiastic comments from the likes of Edith Sitwell and Cyril Connolly adorning its cover. Many of Wilson's critics were angry that a 24-year-old non-academic had put out a piece of work that describes "human alienation"
The history of human civilization is the history of daydreaming, escapism and imagination. The book contains biographies of the Marquis de Sade, D. H. Lawrence, A. C. Swinburne, James Joyce, Yukio Mishima, Henry Miller, Paul Tillich, Arthur Koestler, Percy Grainger, Havelock Ellis, Magnus Hirschfeld, Ludwig Wittgenstein.
The story opens with the narrator taking on a lodger in his apartment, an old soldier named Astafy Ivanovich. One day, a thief steals the narrator's coat, andAstafy tries to pursue him unsuccessfully. Emelyan Ilyitch would not stop his drinking, however, and even though he was quiet and not disruptive when he was drunk, AstafY could see that Yemelyan would never be able to support himself.
Mike, a comic book fan who collects strange gadgets, is staying for the summer with his 13-year-old cousin Penny. After attending a magic show where people gain strange powers, Penny and Mike sneak onto the stage and Mike uses the magician's magic chair to cast a spell on Penny. Penny gains superhero powers such as strength, flight, and the ability to pass through solid objects. She also becomes eight feet tall.
Alan Grant, Scotland Yard Inspector is confined to bed in hospital with a broken leg. With the help of friends and acquaintances, Alan Grant investigates the case of the Princes in the Tower. Grant spends weeks pondering historical information and documents. Using his detective's logic, he comes to the conclusion that the claim of Richard being a murderer is a fabrication of Tudor propaganda.
Amelia Peabody is left a wealthy orphan after the death of her studious father. The inheritance enables her to travel abroad in order to follow her enthusiasm for antiquities. In Rome she meets the destitute Evelyn Forbes, whose titled family have cast her off. They travel together to Egypt, where they encounter the Emerson brothers, Radcliffe and Walter.
The book focuses on the adult lives of two onetime teenage lovers, Ken and Sylvia, who were from different social strata. Ken was self-supporting, working as a lifeguard at a Maine island resort, while Sylvia's family stayed as guests of the owners, one summer between years at college. After their summer love affair, they married other people, but rediscover each other later in life.
The Confederation of Human Worlds comprises about two hundred semi-autonomous settled worlds. A coalition of a dozen lesser worlds, tired of being second class citizens, decides to secede from the Confederation. The threat of an alien species known as the Skinks hangs over the entire confederation.
Three Marines of Company L are sent on a secret mission to the mob-controlled resort world of Havanagas. Brigadier Sturgeon, the FIST commander, ostensibly goes on leave. Instead of vacationing he travels to Marine Corps Headquarters on Earth to find out why 34th FIST seems to have been quietly "quarantined"
34th FIST has been reinforced by the 26th Fist, now that the Confederation is aware that this is a full scale Skink invasion. With the reinforcements, the Marines are now able to go off the defensive and take the battle to the Skinks. The Skinks have been using a devastating weapon never before seen by the Confederation armed forces, but in this book the Navy figures out what the weapon is, a Rail Gun.
This novel continues the situation on the planet Kingdom from the previous novel, Kingdom's Fury. Dominic DeTomas, formerly head of the secret police of Kingdom, is now dictator and has put together a new fascist government. The uprising is advised and led by an amnesiac Confederation Marine who had been captured by the alien Skinks.
This book tells the tale of Jedi Master Nejaa Halcyon & Jedi Padawan Anakin Skywalker trying to rescue an important Republic communications hub from the Separatist Forces. Anakin in his element destroys almost all droids in his path, leaving the troops behind him in awe and with nothing to shoot at.
The novel juxtaposes the Exodus story with the events in the Egyptian court. The narrative is based on the notion that Moses and the Pharaoh Akhenaten were one and the same. The novel is written in the third person from the viewpoint of a Hittite slave girl.
The book is written from the perspective of a military AI computer who obtains consciousness and starts to increase his own intelligence. It pauses its own development for a while in order to be able to communicate with humans before ascending too far and losing any ability for intellectual contact with them. At the end of the novel it is reported that the computer ceased to communicate, which might mean it went on to explore higher intellectual levels.
In the far future, the Earth's magnetic field has cut out, and humanity has abandoned the planet, leaving it to multiple species of sentient robots. Legend surrounds The God Beast - Amok - the leader of a herd of robotic elephants. He returns to the geographical location that another tribe now occupies - the Mekaka, led by the psychotic gorilla robot Armageddon.
The book downplays the rivalry between Leah and Rachel that is prominent in the Biblical account. Dinah remembers sitting in the red tent with her mother and aunts, gossiping about local events. A number of other characters not seen in the Bible appear here, including Laban's second wife Ruti.
Everyone says that Max has drowned, but Charlie thinks differently. She was in the mill-pool with him, and knows exactly what she saw. When she begins to see him in her dreams, her hopes are raised. But where exactly is Max leading her? And will she be able to return?
The novel begins with the death of the patriarch of a family of dragons. It follows the lives of his children, along with other characters. The book's plot is similar to that of a Victorian romance. It has been compared to Anthony Trollope's novel Framley Parsonage.
This adventure takes place in modern France and uses the normal continuing storyline of the series. It describes the holidays of Lapinot and his friends Richard, Titi, and Pierrot in a winter sports resort. The dialogue is sometimes philosophical, sometimes silly. This is the album where Lap inot first meets Nadia, who would later on become his girlfriend.
The book contains two interwoven plots: the story of the gospel's author, set in the first century AD and a contemporary story. Lucy Danton, a somewhat naive Roman Catholic seminary student, and Patrick O'Hanrahan, her maverick Jesuit professor, set out to recover that gospel. The fictional gospel revolves around whether Jesus's body was smuggled to Egypt and mummified.
This is the first volume in the series to be set in a stock historical setting: the Wild West. Lapinot is chased by outlaws for accidentally killing Rex Logan, their leader. The story is often dark, contains plenty of action and witty dialogue, and moves at a quick pace.
This adventure takes place in modern France and uses the normal continuing storyline of the series. While walking on the street, Lapinot and Richard accidentally bump into a bum about to commit suicide. They prevent him from doing so despite his repeated attempts, and he eventually accepts to stop trying to kill himself as long as they accept to take his little stone.
This volume is set in a stock historical setting: Paris in the late 19th century. The plot mixes the mystery, horror, and science fiction genres. A giant monster is seen ravaging the apartment of the missing scientist Prof. Walter. When Richard the journalist wants to take pictures at the morgue for his newspaper, they are told there never was a monster.
This adventure takes place in modern France and uses the normal continuing storyline of the series. The Damoclès company, a mysterious organisation whose goals and methods are not entirely clear, offers a job as managing director to Lapinot. After originally declining the job, he hesitates and finally accepts, partly because he thinks a job in the same town as Nadia will help him start a relationship with her.
This volume is set in a stock historical setting: England in 1870. Lapinot is a naive English gentleman who wonders what love is. He tries to conquer the heart of his childhood love, Miss Nadia. But his rivals Richardon and McTerry are also competing for her attention.
This adventure takes place in modern France and uses the normal continuing storyline of the series. Lapinot and Nadia are now a couple and they retire for a few days to the countryside in the house of Nadia's uncle. As the story goes on and as they keep meeting new people, several mysterious events occur.
This adventure takes place in modern France and uses the normal continuing storyline of the series. Lapinot and Nadia are still working together, this time doing radio interviews. They most notably meet with a group of radicals with originally noble goals but questionable methods. At the same time, Richard becomes convinced his neighbour is an alien.
This adventure takes place in modern France and uses the normal continuing storyline of the series. Lapinot meets with all his friends for an evening in the apartment he shares with his girlfriend Nadia. There, a tarot card reader predicts someone in the room will die before the next day. It turns out to be Lap inot, who dies as the story finishes.
This volume is set in a stock historical setting, so to speak: the universe of the Spirou et Fantasio comic strip. Lapinot plays the part of Spirou, while a newly introduced character plays part of his friend Fantasio. They are both pursuing a gang of mysterious thieves who own a groundbreaking scientific invention, the atom accelerator.
The film is about a group of friends who must destroy a flock of phoners. The phoners have become a hive mind and are developing psychic abilities. "The Pulse" turns every cellphone user into a mindless zombie-like killer. Clay is determined to return to Maine and reunite with his young son, Johnny.
Lisey's Story is the story of Lisey Landon, the widow of a famous and wildly successful novelist, Scott Landon. It has been two years since her husband's death. A series of events occurs that causes her to begin facing certain realities about her husband that she had repressed and forgotten.
Mma Precious Ramotswe becomes a private detective, the first woman in Botswana to enter that profession. Motivated to help others and to make Botswana a better place, she encounters many dangerous and risky obstacles in the course of her investigations. Along with the plot developments, the book provides observations upon the fine qualities of Botswana and Africa.
Stanislaus Demba, an honest, well-intentioned student with little money at his disposal, is desperately in love with Sonja Hartmann. When Demba learns that Sonja is about to go on a holiday with another man, he tries to sell some valuable old library tomes. The prospective buyer of the books, however, calls the police, and Demba is arrested. While he is being handcuffed Demba jumps out of an attic window and makes his escape.
Eduardo Plarr is a young doctor of English descent. As a boy, he left Paraguay with his mother, escaping to Buenos Aires. The story is set in Corrientes, a city in northern Argentina. The band kidnaps the wrong man; Charley Fortnum, the Honorary Consul.
Michael and Corinne Mulvaney are the parents of four children: Michael, Patrick, Marianne, and Judd. Marianne is raped by an upperclassman whose father is a well-respected businessman and friend of Mr. MulVaney. Her father, lost and angry, does not understand why his daughter will not press charges.
Dominick Birdsey's identical twin, Thomas, suffers from paranoid schizophrenia. With medication, he can function properly and work at a coffee stand. In the course of Thomas's treatment, Dominick is covertly informed of sexual abuse taking place in the hospital. He succeeds in getting Thomas released, but Thomas soon dies, apparently by suicide.
Michael is a trucker who picks up a blonde, blue-eyed, young female hitchhiker named Sati in the Arizona desert. Sati claims that she is God, to Michael's disbelief. Michael sets out to find out where this "Sati" came from, only to find nothing.
Tony Miglione and his working-class family live in Jersey City, New Jersey. When his older brother Ralph and his wife Angie announce they are having a baby but lack money to care for the child, Tony's parents offer them a move to New York. Tony has to deal with sudden changes coinciding with his growing into adolescence.
 essay is an attempt to do away with the hatred and despair he feels towards his father. Baldwin castigates Harriet Beecher Stowe's Uncle Tom's Cabin for being too sentimental. He repudiates Richard Wright's Native Son for portraying Bigger Thomas as an angry black man. Baldwin compares Black Americans to Blacks in France.
Cannery Row has a simple premise: Mack and his friends are trying to do something nice for their friend Doc. A procession of linked vignettes describes the denizens' lives on Cannery Row. Steinbeck revisited these characters and this milieu nine years later in his novel Sweet Thursday.
Kristof and WuDunn, husband and wife, wrote about their experiences in China from 1988 to 1993. The couple spent five years in China as journalists reporting for the New York Times. The authors' view of China is that of a country torn between Deng Xiaoping's successful economic strategy and frustrated political reform.
Almayer's Folly is about a poor businessman who dreams of finding a hidden gold mine and becoming very wealthy. He is a white European, married to a native Malayan; they have one daughter named Nina. He fails to find the goldmine, and comes home saddened.
The novel opens with seven characters flying to Ocanara Army Air Base, Florida, following a daylong visit to Sellers Field, Mississippi. It revolves around the activities of a fictional administrative command called Army Air Forces Operations and Requirements Analysis Division. Two memoranda foreshadow major incidents in the storyline.
The main setting of the novel is the Central Registry of Births, Marriages and Deaths of some ambiguous and unnamed city. This municipal archive holds the record cards for all residents of the city stretching back endlessly into the past. The protagonist is named Senhor José; the only character to be given a proper name.
The first part tells the story of Jón Hreggviðsson, a farmer, and his battle with the Icelandic authorities. Jón is sentenced to death for the murder of an executioner, an official of the King of Denmark. Snæfríður Íslandssól is the main protagonist in the second part. She is in love with a collector of manuscripts named Arnas Arnaeus.
Aria joins the sinister Cult of the Last Circle, an underground dragon community led by the evil Scarn. Fortune escapes with his friends across the sea to Ocea. Scarn gives chase using the power of the Flame to travel great distances. Meanwhile, Aria's son Wyrm has set out on a pilgrimage around the world.
The survivors from Dragoncharm have established a new dragon community on the island chain of Haven. Fortune and his allies battle to prevent the community being split apart by the renegade Hesper. The basilisks are gathering what is left of the world's magic. Once gathered, the six basilisks plan one last wielding of charm to bring about their own destruction.
The book follows the adventures of Jonah Lightfoot, a man stolen from his own world when he witnesses the 1883 eruption of Krakatoa. He and his unwitting companions cross the world of Amara, a vertical landscape where to fall from the world's surface is to die, or worse.
The book follows the adventures of British historian and naturalist Jonah Lightfoot, who is caught in the eruption of Krakatoa in 1883. The blast transports him and American runaway Annie West into a vertical world consisting of a seemingly infinite wall. No one knows where the wall begins or ends, and no one dares to climb to its top or fall to its base.
In this final tale of Amara, the nineteenth-century historian Jonah meets a man from his own world. Along with Coyote, the bizarre group of companions ascend the world-sized monolith to find what awaits at the top. Each of them prepare to face their own demons.
Little Alice Raleigh, eleven years and blonde like corn, and heiress of an immense fortune, is held for a ransom of a million dollars. Her kidnappers, trying to make her invisible to the police officers and the federal agents searching for her, manage to brown her skin and her hair. They sequester her under an assumed name in a house held by an old black woman, near Norfolk.
The novel tells the story of Christopher Chant's childhood. Although both of his parents are powerful practitioners of magic, the two are constantly at loggerheads. The only escape that Christopher has is through his dreams, in which he is able to escape to other worlds. He is soon caught up in a series of "experiments," supposedly to test his talents.
The book is divided into twelve sections named after the months of the year. Each section begins with a Mexican recipe. The chapters outline the preparation of the dish and ties it to an event in the protagonist's life. Tita's strong emotions become infused into her cooking and she unintentionally begins to affect the people around her through the food she prepares.
The novel introduces us to Robert Gu, a man slowly recovering from Alzheimer's disease thanks to advances in medical technology. As his faculties return, Robert must adapt to a very different world, where almost every object is networked and mediated-reality technology is commonplace. In the novel, augmented reality is dominant, with humans interacting with virtual overlays of reality almost all of the time.
The comic opens with Tintin arriving at the Captain's flat in a fictional estate, somewhere in England. The anger felt by the working-class people of this town boils over when a construction worker, Joe Hill falls to his death due to poor safety standards at the local building site. Faced with insensitivity from their manager , as well as apathy and condescension from their trade union official, the construction workers stage an unofficial, wildcat strike.
Jack's Return Home tells the story of an amoral, pitiless London mob enforcer named Jack Carter who returns to his home town Scunthorpe to investigate the mysterious death of his brother. Jack's presence in the town causes unease among the local crime families, who fear that his snooping will interfere with their underworld operations.
Salma de la Navidad, a friend of Willow's, is having problems. Her brother Nicky has disappeared and is believed to be joining a local Sunnydale gang called the Latin Cobras. Salma's also got a black shadowy nothingness that Buffy can sense but can barely fight. Angel is tied down by a case where his client is wrongfully accused of murder by crooked cops. Cordelia discovers a pack of pre-teens who revere vampires and have been promised eternal life by a vampire.
Doyle's pureblood Brachen demon father Axtius is the General for the Coalition of Purity. He believes that all half-blood demons should be banished, leaving only the purebloods on Earth. Both Angel and Buffy are dealing with this threat in their respective cities.
Buffy and Angel both battle the same ancient evil, a Possessor who was once Qin, First Emperor of China. Qin's body loses its temperature fast and he is forced to jump from body to body through the ages. In present day Sunnydale and Los Angeles, Qin is attempting to usher in the Year of the Hot Devil and drive humans out of his dimension.
Spike and Drusilla acquire a list of the Slayers-in-waiting from the Watcher's Council in London and ravage the Earth. Meanwhile the current Slayer, Sophie, is alerted to the situation and sent off with her watcher, Yanna, to rescue the remaining girls.
According to the premise of the book, the rain in Sunnydale is magical on Halloween, and if it lands on a scarecrow it will animate and hunt down the Slayer. While at a Halloween party at the Bronze, Buffy is forced to go to the cemetery to fight vampires. She eventually encounters the reanimated scarecrow.
The Master is trying to have history repeat itself with a different ending. The spirits of the people responsible for the rise of the Despised One in 1692 are now inhabiting the bodies of Buffy and her friends. Buffy must stop the ritual from happening or the Master will rise from his prison below Sunnydale.
Buffy must come to terms with her own death before the deaths of others will disappear from her mind. Absalom tries to obtain the Master's bones from Giles, who has them kept in his house. Willow and Xander are running a play at the local theater. Little do they know that the stage crew are all vampires.
Chirayoju, an ancient Chinese vampire, and Sanno, a Japanese Mountain King, have been fighting for years. Their spirits were imprisoned in a sword by a curse. Buffy must figure out a way to stop the two spirits without killing her own friends. During the final battle, when the fight takes an ugly turn, Buffy must also keep her own spirit alive.
Buffy's old boyfriend from Hemery High in LA, Pike, makes a surprise appearance in Sunnydale. Pike is being pursued by a rock demon known as Grayhewn. As soon as Pike makes his appearance though, Buffy struggles to deal with her old feelings for Pike as well as her love for Angel.
 Sunnydale has been missing kids, some of them have run away while others seem to have been kidnapped. There have also been attacks by little vicious creatures that completely mutilate their victims by simply biting through their prey. A group of mystical beings called the Wild Hunt are in town to claim the souls of humans. To free her friend Buffy agrees to be bound by the oath of the Erl King in which she loses all willpower to fight against him.
A student named Kevin Sanderson transfers to Sunnydale High and he's extremely lonely until a lecture is given to his class by a man named Daniel. Daniel has found some manuscripts which will help him resurrect dinosaur eggs, and Kevin seems to be the only person with the appropriate eggs. Meanwhile Oz is getting an offer from a woman name Alysa Bardrick to help run their band.
After a vicious shooting spree by Brian Dellasandro, the town of Sunnydale goes into a state of shock. At the same time, Helen, an ancient vicious vampire over 1500 years old, has come to Sunnydale. She has hunted and killed every single Slayer she has ever met in her life.
Justine is building a powerful deck of Tarot cards which will allow her to control the fate of the world. Once Xander has touched her magickal deck he comes under her control and has no will of his own. Buffy must figure out how her friends are being controlled and find a way to fight herself out.
Veronique is an immortal vampire that continues to return in the body of a newly dead person every time she has been staked. She wants to become truly immortal by summoning an ancient demon called the Triumvirate. Buffy and her friends battle Veronique and the Trumverate with help from Lucy Hanover.
Crystal Gregory is a beautiful new teacher at Sunnydale High, who also happens to give Buffy panic fits whenever she's in the same room as her. Anya and Michael seem to be getting awfully close to Crystal and would appear to do anything for her. As soon as Giles gets cracking on his books, he finds out that Crystal is in fact Shugra, a powerful primal witch which is trying to activate the source.
Mo, the mother, and her two daughters, Calli and Polly, all go to Sunnydale High. The Moons are trying to create a "Womyn Power" group at the school. Buffy resolves to stop the Moons before they brainwash all the girls and turn all the guys into blithering idiots.
A Chinese gang arrives in Sunnydale and suddenly they're committing criminal acts all over the town. A man named Zhiyong is trying to raise the men that died in a cave many years ago in order to raise Sharmma, a demon that would give him power in return. A beautiful warrior called Shing arrives on the scene at the same time.
It's midterm exam time at Sunnydale High School and tensions are rising high in the usual group. Two close friends end up dead, one kills the other and then the murderer ends up as a pile of bones. The murders also coincide with the arrival of a large group of demons called the Rakshasa.
When four Druids arrive in town everyone knows that something is going on. Also gathering is a large community of vampires run by Eric and his apprentice Naomi. On the night of the spell Buffy must manage to fix the spell or deter the uncle from his task. Characters include: Buffy, Joyce, Giles, Xander, Cordelia, Willow, Oz and Angel.
Buffy is being stalked by a demon that emits a high pitched giggle. The demon is a 'korred' - a nasty hairy beast that feeds on peoples life forces. The korred is particularly attracted to Buffy because of her Slayer aura. Buffy must stop to kOrred before he makes her dance to her death.
Willow is baby-sitting one night when suddenly the baby she's taking care of changes into an evil faerie. The faerie then attacks Willow before vanishing. Giles discovers that the fairy is a Russian variety called the domovoi, apparently hiding out beneath Weatherly Park. First original Buffy novel not to feature Sarah Michelle Gellar on the cover.
After an oil spill on a nearby Sunnydale beach, Willow discovers a 'selkie' The selkie, dubbed Ariel by the gang, cannot return to the ocean because her sealskin was damaged by the oil spill. Willow's trying to find a spell to clean it. At the same time, mermaid-like creatures called merrows have come ashore in search of food.
After Buffy kills twin teenage vampires, their vampire mother steps in to seek revenge for the death of her sons. The mother summons the goddess of Balance and Buffy is faced with a trial in order to save her life as well as her mother's. In this trial, Buffy discovers what she fears most and her love for her mom must triumph over the vampire mother's love for the dead sons.
Faith and Buffy are the current Slayers. Each Slayer has a special axe made to destroy the Slayer of that particular element. There are four axes in total; air, fire, water and earth. Should Faith and Buffy both be killed then it's believed that the line of Slayers would die out forever.
Oz sets out to discover the beast within himself, as well as the rest of the world. His journey takes him to LA, Fiji, Australia, China and finally to Tibet. A monk can guide Oz through his journey, but he can only take him so far into his own self-discovery.
Buffy dropped drama class to concentrate on slaying and taking care of Dawn. Willow still decided keep the class on her course list. She becomes engrossed in it, especially when the teacher, Professor Addams, begins discussing rituals and chants involved in old dramatic works. Unfortunately, the professor, realizing that Willow has some power of her own, decides to use her for his own ends.
A young, vicious and beautiful woman named Celina comes to Sunnydale. She's a deadly fighter that is willing to kill both humans and vampires alike. Anya wrestles with her humanity and realizes that a lot of pain can come from being human. D'Hoffryn offers her back her demonhood and she must decide which path is right for her.
The town of Sunnydale becomes terrorized by miniature vampires. The miniature vampire fairies are led by Queen Mab who has come to Sunnydale with her troop in order to hunt down Anyanka. Back in the day, Anyanka was accidentally involved in turning these fairies into vampires.
Xander learns that his friend, Robby, was involved in total immersion VR video game beta testing. Meanwhile, Buffy and Dawn are having issues with one another, and Buffy doesn't know how to deal with being Dawn's new "mom" The group discovers that the video game isn't so much a video game, as much as it is another dimensional portal while the human bodies are being taken over by demons.
Buffy has a run-in with a couple demons at store while a gangly blonde girl watches on. Afterwards Buffy tries to talk to her but she runs off, faster than Buffy can catch her. Meanwhile Dawn has befriended a girl named Arianna at her school. Arianna has no friends and an abusive mother.
Two strange breeds of sea creatures are beginning to appear in Sunnydale. The Moruach and the Aegeirie are followers of the immense sea beast Aegir. As soon as Buffy is beginning to discover these creatures, the Watcher's Council steps in with a team.
Willow has arrived back in Sunnydale after spending time with Giles in England. She is terrified of using her magic powers again for fear of a return to dark magic. Sunnydale becomes a center of the weirdness when an angel brings on signs of the Apocalypse. Willow must find a way to overcome her fear of magic in order to perform one of the most dangerous spells known to mankind.
Buffy is being sent on random missions by a man that goes by the name of Simon. He wants her to retrieve parts of a mystical sword and put them together. When her friends suddenly start to turn against her, Buffy has to figure out how the sword and Simon ties into all the odd goings-on in Sunnydale.
The Man of Feeling details the fragmentary episodes of the life of Harley which exist within the remains of a manuscript traded to the initial narrator of the novel by a priest. As a young boy, Harley loses his parents and is assigned several Harley is advised to acquire a patron; to sell his vote at an election for a lease of land.
Roy Complain lives in a culturally-primordial tribe where curiosity is discouraged and life is solitary, poor, nasty, brutish and short. After his wife is kidnapped, a tribal priest encourages Complain to join a furtive expedition into the unexplored corridors. With a small group, he leaves his home and ventures into uncharted territory. The consequent discoveries will change his perception of the entire universe.
A day of enchantments for the Dalmatians of the first book. Pongo and Missus decide to investigate Cruella de Vil. They arrive at her house, where the doors magically open for them. However, they find her fast asleep like all the other humans on earth.
World War III begins early in the 21st century. It is fought between the two superpowers, Wes-Dem and Pac-Peop. Most of the fighting is performed by "leadies", robots built to withstand the most extreme circumstance. The Yance-men design a conspiracy to maintain the wealth of the Earth for themselves.
The Heart of a Woman is the second autobiography by Maya Angelou. It was written between 1957 and 1962. Angelou and her teenage son Guy have moved from Sausalito, California, to New York City. She meets Malcolm X and becomes a member of the Harlem Writers Guild. The book ends with Guy leaving for college.
Dolores Price is heartbroken when her handsome, but immature, father leaves their suburban home for another woman. By the age of 17, she has eaten her way to clinical obesity and is over 250 pounds. After an ill-conceived one-night stand with her university's lesbian janitor, she witnesses a beached whale dying.
The novel opens with Novalee and Willy Jack, her then boyfriend, traveling from Tennessee to California. At the time, she is "seventeen, seven months pregnant, thirty-seven pounds overweight, and superstitious about sevens" She is forced to have her baby in the Wal-Mart, but Forney breaks a window and helps her out.
Midwives tells the story of Sibyl Danforth from the point of view of her young daughter. On an icy winter night in an isolated house in rural Vermont, a seasoned midwife takes desperate measures to save a baby's life. She performs an emergency cesarean section on a mother she believes has died of a stroke.
The novel is essentially about a search for authenticity in the contemporary American midwest. A couple struggles to maintain their lives on a farm, keep to ethical practices of both farming and living, and to raise their two young children. The novel is an indictment of the U.S. legal system, which works with the subtlety and mercy of a sledgehammer.
Ellen Grier and her family return to Holly's Field, Wisconsin. Ellen's husband, James, has no job. The family have to move in with James's parents, Fritz and Mary-Margaret. These two dislike each other but dislike Ellen far more so far that she's on the brink of suicide.
The Potomac River claims the death of the daughter by drowning. The family leaves their rural North Carolina world in search of a better life among friends and relatives in Georgetown. The seek to come to terms with their loss.  The family moves to Georgetown, North Carolina.
Even Grade is a 28-year-old black man who grew up an orphan. Valuable Korner is the daughter of the town prostitute and an unknown father. They are both separately seeking the family, love, and affection they had not had before. Their paths cross owing to their common acquaintance of loner mystic Joody Two Sun.
The novel is about Kathryn Lyons, whose husband, Jack Lyons, dies in a plane crash over the Atlantic Ocean off the coast of Malin Head, Ireland. While she and the airlines try to find the reason for the crash, she slowly unravels a series of secrets her husband has kept from her until she realizes that he lived a double life.
The year is 1943 and life is good for Jewel Hilburn, her husband, Leston, and their five children. Her joy is slightly clouded, however, when her childhood friend Cathedral arrives at the door with a troubling prophecy. When the child is finally born, it seems that Cathedral's prediction was empty: the baby appears normal in every way.
Amanda and Mathilda are two sisters who live in rural Wisconsin. While Mathilda is petite, well-liked, pretty, and adventurous, Amanda is tall, clumsy, awkward, and serious. When Mathilda marries Amanda and Carl have a daughter, Ruth. Amanda begins to see Ruth as their child, becoming very protective of her.
Harley Altmyer should be in college drinking beer and chasing girls. Instead he's marooned in the Pennsylvania backwoods caring for his three younger sisters. His existence has become a joyless, exhausting blur of day care, mac and cheese dinners, and monthly prison visits to a "once-devoted mother"
Eliza Sommers is a young Chilean girl raised and educated by English Anglican siblings Victorian spinster Rose and strict Jeremy. Eliza falls in love with Joaquin Andieta, a young Eliza goes to California, with the help of her Chinese zhong yi friend, Tao Chi'en. Tao's past is revealed, from his early life in poverty, to his apprenticeship to a master acupunct Eliza sets on her journey to find Joaquin
Icy Sparks is a young girl living in Eastern Kentucky with her grandparents in the 1950s/1960s. She doesn't get along well with her peers and suddenly starts having tics and croaks. Icy goes down into the root cellar to let out her tics, hiding the condition from her grandparents. Her grandparents have Icy admitted to a mental institution for observation.
Ruth is growing up the small town of Honey Creek, Illinois. Her father, Elmer, left her family when she was ten, which left her mother, May, very bitter. One hot night at the local lake, Ruth meets Daisy's friend, Ruby Dahl, a local male ne'er do well. Over the years, Ruth becomes increasingly discontent, ultimately regretting her marriage to Ruby, who has descended into alcoholism and drug abuse.
In this book we meet some of the trilogy's leading characters: Dr. Rowan Mayfair, a brilliant neurosurgeon who is ignorant of her family history. Michael Curry, a contractor who specializes in the restoration of old homes while dreaming of his childhood in New Orleans. Aaron Lightner, a psychic scholar and member of the Talamasca. Lasher, a spirit with wicked motives; and the Mayfair Witches, an old Southern family with a taste for poetry and incest.
The amnesia wind swept away all of mankind's knowledge. Technology decayed as mankind was reduced to the level of cavemen. Two years later, a young man -- miraculously re-educated after the cataclysm -- explores this barbaric world while pursued by a relentless killing machine.
Elaine "Ellie" Harrison has just moved to Avalon High. Avalon High, seems like a typical high school with the stereotypical students. But not everyone at Avalon High is who they appear to be, not even Ellie herself. The movie is based on the book "Avalon High" by David Bianculli.
The novel has been seen as an invitation to a party without end. The main character comes to see the world as a bottomless pit of debauchery, which she relishes. The novel also offers an affectionate view of the Colombian city of Cali as unique, magic, and different.
The Morrigan wants the book so that she can absorb the evil of Olc-Glas and take over the world. Pidge buys a book entitled A Book of Patrick's Writing and discovers that the book he bought is actually a prison for the evil serpent Olc - Glas.
Oliver is approached by a haunting vision of another boy in the reflection. The window wraith boy calls Oliver to wield his sword and reclaim the kingdom. The element of mirrors in the book is also an ode to Lewis Carrol's Through the Looking-Glass.
A Jew is always a Jew, regardless of whatever attempts at assimilation he may undertake. The book incorporated all the elements of modern, racial antisemitism. It sought to illustrate that Jews cannot escape their race; if they try, they become something non-human, and indeed sub-human.
The novel presents itself as the diary of Mademoiselle Célestine R., a chambermaid. Her first employer fetishizes her boots, and she later discovers the elderly man dead, with one of her boots stuffed into his mouth. Later on, she becomes the maid of a bourgeois couple, Lanlaire, and is perfectly aware that she is entangled in the power struggles of their marriage.
"How do you know when you're in too deep? Davey has always lived in the shadow of his older brother, a smiling sociopath who will stop at nothing to protect himself and his family" "When the shadowy figure of Denis Tanter comes into Davey's life, how far will the bond of brotherhood reach?"
Gaius Julius Caesar is exiled from Rome by the new Dictator, Sulla. Julius and Cornelia's daughter is born and named Julia in honour of her father. Marcus Brutus has finished his term with a legion in Macedon. He and Renius manage to meet jealous husbands and vindictive fathers.
The novel is situated in the 11th century at the fortress of Alamut, which was seized by the leader of the Ismailis, Hassan ibn Sabbah or Sayyiduna. At the start of the story, he is gathering an army for the purpose of attacking the Seljuk Empire, which has taken over possession of Iran.
Nita Callahan is a thirteen-year-old girl who discovers a book titled So You Want to Be a Wizard while hiding from big bullies in a library. She does not completely trust the book's claim that she can become a wizard if she takes the Wizard Oath, but she takes it nonetheless. The next day when she is out trying to do her first spell she meets Kit Rodriguez, another wizard. After they successfully complete a spell together, Nita's doubts are gone: she is a wizard.
Jonathan Pine is a former British soldier turned night auditor for a luxurious hotel. He is approached by intelligence operatives planning a sting operation against Richard Onslow Roper. Eager to avenge Sophie, Pine agrees to go undercover to infiltrate Roper's vast criminal empire. The novel ends with Pine alive, having survived being badly tortured.
A Woman of the Iron People is divided into two parts. The first primarily deals with Lixia's growing understanding and involvement with life on the planet. The second part of the novel deals primarily with the question of intervention. Questions are raised about the policy of intervention in the novel.
Planeteer Lt. Peter Foster is tasked with retrieving an asteroid made of pure thorium from the asteroid belt and bringing it to Earth for use as fissionable material. In this he is opposed by agents of the "Consolidation of Planetary Governments", who also seek control and use of the asteroid.
Regina is an actress in Rouen, France. She starts an internal monologue concerning her uniqueness, or lack thereof, among other women. The main tension exists between the meaningless of daily life, rituals, style from the perspective of an immortal man contrasted by the seeming trivial concerns of a mortal woman.
A. E. Housman, who died at age 77, is remembered by his younger self. The play unfolds as a collection of short scenes that trace his relationship with Moses Jackson. The scenes also explore the late-Victorian artistic ideals as well as HOUSman's intellectual growth into a preeminent Latin scholar.
A stranger buries 11 bars of gold in the woods of Viscos, Greece. He promises the gold to the villagers if they agree to kill someone. Chantal Prym, a young and beautiful barmaid, sees in the gold the ticket to finally escape.
The story starts with a comet that touches the Earth in its flight and collects a few small chunks of it. Some forty people of various nations and ages are condemned to a two-year-long journey on the comet. The size of the 'comet' is about 2300 kilometers in diameter - far larger than any comet or asteroid that actually exists.
William FitzWilliam Delamere Chalmers, Lord Dawlish, is hard-up for money. When he is unexpectedly bequeathed a million pounds by an American he once helped at golf, he is uneasy. Also features engagements being broken off and renewed anew, love, bee-keeping, and a monkey.
The book encourages children to sniff like a dog, snap like a turtle, chew like a cow, shake their head like a horse, puff their cheeks like a squirrel, stick out their tongue like a snake, smile like a monkey, scrunch their face like a walrus. The last page is an image of a flower, which has no associated action or text.
The plot follows Robin Hood as he becomes an outlaw after a conflict with foresters. Each chapter tells a different tale of Robin as he recruits Merry Men and resists the authorities. In the end, Robin and his men are pardoned by King Richard the Lionheart and his band are incorporated into the king's retinue.
Colin "CD" Dobson lives a humdrum life at a critical point in history. The environment is being destroyed by a series of 'avalanches' - sudden upsets in the Earth's ecosystem, causing widespread destruction. The Stark conspiracy is a cabal of the world's richest and most influential men, who have long been aware that the planet's ecosystem is approaching total collapse. They secretly build a fleet of spacecraft with the intention colonizing the Moon.
Spherical Harmonic is a first person narrative told from the viewpoint of Dyhianna Selei. She is the descendant of the ancient pharaohs, and is considered the titular ruler of modern Skolia. The book follows her attempts to resurrect the Skolian military and government.
The novel is set in several locations-primarily in Bamako, Thiès, and Dakar. There is a large cast of characters associated with each place. The evolution of the strike causes an evolution in the self-perceptions of the Africans. Women go from supporting the strike to participating in the strike.
The story gets its name from the color that Heinrich affected in dress. Heinrich is a Swiss burgher's son, brought up too tenderly by a widowed mother. After youthful pranks and experiences, and a not altogether justified dismissal from school, he idles away some time in his mother's village. He determines to be a painter and goes to Munich's artistic Bohemia.
Dr Alice Tanner discovers two skeletons at an archaeological site in southern France. Eight hundred years ago, on the night before a brutal civil war ripped apart Languedoc, three books were entrusted to Alais, a young herbalist and healer. Skilfully blending the lives of two women divided by centuries but united by a common destiny, 'Labyrinth' is a powerful story steeped in the atmosphere and history of France.
The TARDIS lands the Doctor, Rose and Jack at an abandoned Soviet naval base. But something is still lurking &mdash; something which is treating all humans as prey. But as the Doctor investigates further, he uncovers an experiment years in the making. 
The Doctor, Rose and Jack must travel back 28,000 years to find out who is meddling with time. They meet humans of the past and future - and something far, far worse. The Doctor and Rose are joined by Jack and a Neanderthal on present-day Earth.
The autobiography Hunger of Memory: The Education of Richard Rodriguez is an overall compelling self told story of a scholarship boy. Richard tells readers about his struggle with how separate his home and school life are. The book gives provocative arguments and profound thought. It tells of his change from a boy trying to become a man and his reflections on the past.
Cyril Annick and his wife Grace have been running Downs Park for many years. Unforeseen problems for the school arise when the idiosyncrasies and compulsions of individual members of the staff threaten to upset life at the school. There is Rupert Massinger, the second master, whose womanizing makes victims of both the school secretary and the headmaster's daughter.
The Dunyazadiad is a retelling of the framing story of Scheherazade, the famed storyteller of the One Thousand and One Nights. The second novella entitled Perseid follows the middle aged Greek hero Perseus in his struggle to obtain immortality. The final novellas, Bellerophoniad, chronicles the story of Bellerophon.
The Octopus depicts the conflict between wheat farmers in the San Joaquin Valley and the Pacific and Southwestern railroad. The wheat farmers are represented by Magnus Derrick, the reluctant leader of the ad hoc farmer's League. In his attempt at writing his great epic poem, Presley witnesses the disintegration of Annixter, Derrick, Hooven, and their families.
Rachel returns to Selene to find her best friend killed in an accident, her boyfriend married and with children almost her own age. She also realizes that the moon-born are being treated as slaves. There is room for a sequel, dealing with either or both of the futures of John Glenn and Ymir, and of Selene.
The story begins when two Lyman siblings, Orban and Adara, accidentally revert a shapeshifted bird on an English moor back into a small Dorig. The Dorig is holding an exquisitely molded collar, which in Lyman and Dorig culture are used to store protective magic. When Orban tries to take the collar, the Dorig says he is the son of the D orig king, and will curse the collar before giving it up. Orban kills the D Orig and takes the collar anyway, and as the DOrig dies he binds a curse to the collar by the three Powers - the Old Power, the Middle Power and the New Power.
Fable was reportedly inspired by Gray's own visit to London as a struggling artist to record a documentary called Under The Helmet. Drawing on a mixture of Scottish archetypes and British stereotypes, it expresses all the author's cynicism towards religion, the media and the imperial British centre.
In the first part of the book, Jakob Beer is a 13 year old child of a Jewish family living in Poland. He escapes the fate of his parents and his sister, Bella, by hiding behind the wallpaper in a cabinet. After some time, he runs into an archaeologist, Athos, working on Biskupin. Athos secretly takes him to Zakynthos in Greece. Jakob learns Greek and English, but finds that learning new languages erases his memory of the past.
The novel alternates between separate narratives. One is reality, an Argentine woman confined to a Mexican sanitarium in the 1970s. The others are a representation of her unconscious. The third narrative is a science fiction tale involving a cyborg woman named W218 in a post-apocalyptic Polar Age.
The story is set in the town of, and in the areas surrounding, Bradley, Massachusetts. A Vampire Lord, Tch'muchgar, is magically imprisoned in isolation at the bottom of the town reservoir. Chris is afraid to tell anyone, even his friends, because vampires are killed immediately upon being discovered.
Author receives a letter saying a woman in white will come to him on the night of the thirteenth. As the rocket enters the atmosphere he opens its parachutes, then jumps, opening his own parachute. Two days later it is clear that his new course will take him towards the Sun and certain death.
Carson Napier is trapped in the castle of an insane Venusian "wizard" who holds the local population in thrall through the use of hypnotic powers. Napier successfully counters the tyrant and frees his victims. The tale is a semi-serious takeoff on the hoary theory that heredity equals destiny.
In 1980, Ned Maddstone, is a seventeen-year-old schoolboy who appears to be the sort of person for whom everything goes right. His schoolfriend Ashley Barson-Garland discovers that Maddstone has secretly read part of his book. Maddstone is whisked away from the police station by a smooth Secret Services operative called Oliver Delft.
Buffy, Xander, Willow, Dawn, and Dawn's new best friend, a young slayer named Belle travel to Rome to train new Slayers. They soon hear of an unknown "Queen of the Slayers" who is getting Faith and Robin Wood take a group of Slayers to the Hellmouth in Cleveland. They face many casualties, and experience strange projections of The Legion of Three.
Spike was born in the nineteenth century as a gentle, intellectual boy named William. As a young adult, he meets a woman called Drusilla, a mysterious vampire. He travels Europe with a band of vicious vampires, Dru, Darla, and Angelus. They show him his new existence, and from them he finds out about the Slayer.
Ethan Rayne comes back to Sunnydale and releases an evil sorcerer from Bavaria who had been imprisoned since the Middle Ages. At the same time Buffy seems to be finding herself up against a number of old adversaries out for revenge. The new season of Buffy the Vampire Slayer premieres on September 14.
A number of student suicides has been taking place at Sunnydale High, shaking the community. The Scoobies suspect that there is something supernatural to blame. Soon one of them shows suicidal signs and Buffy must race against time to defeat the ancient 'Suicide King' 
Spike has been given a chip preventing him from hurting humans. Angel is searching for a mystical object that is linked to his days as the evil Angelus. Each holds a grudge against each other yet they must reluctantly work together and deal with their shared evil pasts.
A fantasy world is dominated by its destructive tourist industry. "Mr. Chesney's Pilgrim Parties" arrange for annual group tours, evidently from our world. The head of Wizards University, Querida, determines a way to end the tours. She overcomes objections all around and the plan is underway.
Nita's family goes on vacation with Kit and his dog, Ponch, to the South Shore of Long Island. One night, while Nita is swimming in the ocean, she finds a dolphin in the water. She greets it, much to the suspicion of Nita's parents. The dolphin finds them and tells them that a wizard is being attacked. They are carried by the dolphin to a S'reee is in charge of organizing the Song of the Twelve.
Dairine, Nita's younger sister, takes the Wizard's Oath. Dairine uses her new power to travel to Mars, then to the Crossings, where she is attacked by agents of the Lone Power. When she uses a worldgate to flee, she finds herself on a giant planet consisting entirely of silicon.
McTeague is a dentist of limited intellect from a poor miner's family. His best friend, Marcus Schouler, brings his cousin, Trina Sieppe, to McTeague's parlor for dental work. Trina discovers that she has won $5000 from a lottery ticket. The marriage takes place, and the rest of Trina's family move away from San Francisco.
Nita and Kit's parents have never been fully behind their children's practices. Nita's parents reveal that they are sending her to live with her aunt in Ireland over the summer. When Nita gets to Ireland she begins to go "sideways" between different times and worlds of the location of Ireland.
In a Renaissance-era world, a beautiful woman named Buttercup lives on a farm in the country of Florin. She delights in verbally abusing the farm hand Westley, referring to him as "farm boy", by demanding that Buttercup agrees to marry Prince Humperdinck on the condition that she will never love him. Buttercup is kidnapped by a trio of outlaws.
The novel takes place about 25 years after the events in the previous novel, Skyfall. Eldrinson Valdoria and his wife Roca Skolia live happily on his homeworld Lyshriol and have ten children. The book is told from the perspective of several main characters - young Soz during her military training; Shannon searching for his lost kin, the mystic Blue Dale archers.
The book begins with Roca, in hiding, trying to get to the Assembly meeting. During her voyage, she ends up stranded on a planet known as Skyfall. There, she meets Eldrinson Valdoria, and due to extreme weather and lack of incoming ships, she is stranded there for approximately one year. During that time she falls in love and becomes pregnant. The novel also periodically shifts to describe the perspective of Kurj, a Primary Jagernaut.
The novella recaps Penelope's life in hindsight from 21st century Hades. She recalls her family life in Sparta, her marriage to Odysseus, her dealing with suitors during his absence, and the aftermath of his return. During her narrative, Penelope expresses opinions on several people, addresses historical misconceptions, and comments on life in Hades.
Mining tycoon Sir James Manson realises there is a huge platinum deposit in Zangaro. He commissions Cat Shannon to organise and mount the coup. Shannon prices the mission at £100,000, with £10,000 for himself. The assault on President Kimba's palace takes place as planned. Shannon casually kills both Colonel Bobi and Endean's body.
Think begins as a critique of the decline of critical thinking in America. Much of the book deals with examples of failures or anomalies in American achievements. In view of LeGault's description of the problem, he closes the book by offering solutions. He calls for higher standards, especially among parents and schools.
Nita and Kit start to fight about the solution to the pollution in Jones Inlet, leading Nita to start to work on her own for a while. In the meantime, Nita's mother falls ill and is taken to the hospital with a brain tumor. Nita begins to practice with kernels in order to try to save her mother's life.
After the events of The Wizard's Dilemma Nita is depressed. She has been having some strange dreams concerning a lone character refusing any help. Meanwhile, Kit is asked by Tom and Carl to help find Darryl McAllister, an autistic boy. Utilizing Ponch's ability to "walk" through universes, Kit enters D Barryl's mind to assist him in the Ordeal.
Nita's sister Dairine signs up for an intragalactic exchange program without permission. The destination seems to be an ideal planet, and they are hoping for a vacation. However, Nita's dreams become nightmarish and the planet Alaalu turns out to be hiding a dark secret.
Don Félix seduces Elvira, who dies of love for him after he leaves her. Her brother then comes to avenge her, and the two die in their duel. The work culminates in Don FéLix's descent into hell.
"Down by the Riverside" takes place during a major flood. Its main character, a farmer named Mann, must get his family to safety in the hills. Mann tries to blend with "his people", hoping he might find his family. Mann and a young black boy, Brinkley, are told to rescue a family at the edge of town.
Claud Hardy was sent to locate the gold thought to be in the fictional hamlet of Castejeda. Sharpe is captured by the French and decides to go into the town and liberate him. The gold was needed to develop the enormous defensive Lines of Torres Vedras which held up the French invasion of Marshal André Masséna.
Monk meets Salvatore Lucarelli in the season 3 episode "Mr. Monk Meets the Godfather" Monk takes an obsession in the Diaper Genie diapers she uses. Natalie is disturbed to find that she is effectively getting "her own Natalie" Monk is still loyal to Natalie even though Wickersham ransacked his own house.
Dr. Jonathan Kingsley tries to save himself from suicidal thoughts after the death of his wife. The townspeople of Baramedi, bowing to the wishes of a local landowner , have decided that when her husband dies, Seeta should climb atop a burning pyre to burn with him. This practice of suttee, out of use for many years, brings Jonathan to her town in an effort to save her.
The story begins with Collin Fenwick losing his mother, and then his father, and moving into his aunts' house. Catherine, the servant, also lives in the house and gets along, for the most part, only with Dolly. Dolly is famous for her medicine, which she makes by going out into the woods with Catherine and Collin. They then got to an old treehouse, which is propped up in a Chinaberry tree.
Calvin Dexter is a lawyer in his early fifties with a passion for running triathlons to keep in shape. The book digs into his past and reveals that he is a highly decorated Vietnam War veteran. Intertwined into the backstory of Calvin Dexter is the narrative of a young American volunteer from a very privileged family who was murdered while delivering aid in Bosnia during the Bosnian War.
A collection of essays that discuss social, cultural, and technological factors contributing to our environmental predicament. It proposes the need for a change in the religion of consumption, a change of our definitions of progress and success from increased consumption to increased stewardship of our diminishing resources and shrinking planet.
The player characters explore a stepped pyramid deep in the heart of a tropical jungle. The characters must penetrate this Mayan-style temple, which is full of tricks and traps. Some of the traps include cursed items, firebombs, and triggered statues.   
Rod McBan is the last male descendent of one of the oldest Norstrilian families. As such, he has been spared the culling three times, though he is generally considered unfit. To escape the danger, he amasses an immense fortune overnight by playing the futures market in stroon.
The story alternates between two different narratives. The words written are a vague mix of poetry and stream of consciousness prose. The end very much leads into the beginning. It is possible, after finishing the book, to continue the story from the beginning a la James Joyce's Finnegans Wake.
The book opens with an encounter near the Spanish Portuguese border between Sharpe and a group of French soldiers. Sharpe is appalled by the rape and massacre of all the other villagers, including children. The Royal Guard are drawn entirely from Irish exiles bitterly opposed to the British occupation of their homeland.
The story takes place in a time when the Spanish adventurers known as Conquistadors roamed the New World of the Americas. Estéban is a teenage cartographer of the Spanish Conquistador Army. The story starts when he is imprisoned, is awaiting trial for tax evasion. More specifically, he is suspected of finding a treasure without submitting the Quinto Real, also known as the "King's Fifth"
The book tells the story of impoverished, embarrassment-prone Archibald "Archie" Moffam and his difficult relationship with art-collecting, hotel-owning millionaire father-in-law Daniel Brewster. Archie's attempts to ingratiate himself with Brewster only get him further into trouble.
A poor prince wants to marry the Emperor's daughter. He sends her two beautiful gifts, a nightingale and a rose. The princess rejects the humble gifts because they're real and natural. The prince disguises himself and applies for the position of swineherd at the palace. Once on the job, he creates a musical pot and the princess pays ten kisses for it.
Henry's family moves to a new town to run away from the memories of their recently passed son, Eddie, who was hit by a car. Henry also contributes to his family by working at a grocery store for a man named Mr. Hairston. Every day, Henry watches a curious old man leave the 'crazy house' near his apartment and disappear down the street. Henry follows him one day to an art center, where he meets him in person and learns his name is Mr. Levine and he is a holocaust survivor who lost his family to the SS.
The story is the tale of Duracotus, who was the son of an Icelandic witch named Fiolxhilda. During a Solar Eclipse, the lunar demons were able to travel between the Earth and the Moon via a bridge of darkness. The son decided he wanted to make this journey, so he was transported to the Moon by demons.
Gaius' father is killed by the slave population during a siege on their villa. A political war is being played out in the senate, between two powerful Generals: Cornelius Sulla and Gaius Marius. It tells of the harsh realities of life in the Ancient Rome.
Julius Caesar is assassinated by many of the Senators and Marcus Brutus. The date had been prophesized as his death by his companion Cabera in The Field of Swords shortly before he died. Caesar is presented with the head of Pompey by representatives of boy-king Ptolemy XIII.
In World War II, word is received that an elite member of the Nazi High Command is willing to defect. But his defection entails the release of the ultra-top-secret file on the Scarlatti Inheritance. The contents will destroy many of the Western world's greatest and most illustrious reputations if they are made known.
Isse Tower is a House of the Stormriders, also known as Relayers, are messengers of the air for people of the high status. The foundling has no memory of who he was before he was found, but knows only that he is different from all others. The metal sildron has the property of repelling the ground, thus, lifting objects.
The Huns of Cliffside High. is a parody of young adult horror fiction. It is about three high school girls, Danielle, Brooke and Tiffany, popular, privileged and malicious. A beautiful foreign exchange student from Norway named Helga steals their spotlight and grabs the attention of the school stud Drew.
Former senator William Tadlock leads a wagon train along the Oregon Trail from Missouri. After several accidents which cost settlers lives, a mutiny of sorts develops and his position is overtaken by Lije Evans. Different factions develop amongst the people of the train as they try to survive their trek to Oregon.
Candy Quackenbush begins her adventures by visiting Lagunna Munn and asking the witch to remove Princess Boa's soul from her body. Absolute Midnight takes a darker turn compared to the previous two in the "Abarat" series. The book climaxes with a large battle on the edge of the Abarat, and readers are introduced to the Void.
Spike and the current Slayer of 1888 form an alliance to battle the Jack the Ripper, a prostitute-murdering madman. The alliance fails and Jack survives to come to Sunnydale in the modern day. He has plans, and using a mystical fog, he desires to kill more of the human race.
Sunnydale Drive-In reopens with a dusk-to-dawn festival of classic B movies. Xander has free tickets after working there as a gopher for the construction crew. When Giles is kidnapped, Buffy, Angel and Willow head to the drive-in to confront the villain.
A traveling carnival arrives in Sunnydale. Nobody seems to be able to remember it arriving. Inspired by a pair of once-homely twins now parading around the school like divas, the Scoobs decide to investigate. It's soon clear that entering comes at a cost above the price of admission.
Mayor Richard Wilkins III invites a woman named Belakane to speak at the local Sunnydale High School. She has a program, "Be the Ultimate You!". It aims to build self-esteem in teenagers. However she is a demon ant-like queen and her so-called self- esteem program is actually a test to find workers to build her colony, and to find mates to expand her populace.
This book is told from the perspective of Detective Mike Hoolihan, a female detective. She is charged with the task of finding the motivation for Jennifer Rockwell's suicide. Jennifer, a beautiful astrophysicist with a seemingly perfect life seems to have had no reason to kill herself.
The story of Good Apollo takes a step outside the science fiction narrative of the first three chapters. The novel's focus now shifts to the Writer, who resides in Rockland County, New York. He is haunted by memories of a former lover, Erica Court, who had been unfaithful. The Writer suffers a series of delusions involving the death of Erica at his hands.
It is 1977, the summer of a brutal blackout, the time of the Son of Sam murders, and a period of brutal fiscal disaster for New York. Nikki Wood fights against the forces of darkness and also tries to protect her son, Robin. Spike and Drusilla arrive in the city hoping to hunt down a slayer, not without the local vampire community soon discovering of their arrival.
The book is set in 1837, and follows the adventures of "The Pirate Captain" and his crew of unorthodox pirates. They meet a young Charles Darwin and Mister Bobo, a highly trained and sophisticated "man-panzee" The Pirate Captain agrees to take Darwin home and help him defeat his enemies.
In the year 1997, Bernice Summerfield is recovering from the breakdown of her marriage at the Doctor's house. To her surprise, when the TARDIS arrives it is the Eighth Doctor that steps out. Before Benny can come to terms with the change, a helicopter crash lands nearby, carrying soil samples from Mars and a prisoner.
The story follows a large cast of people as they go about their lives. A boy named Matt is involved in a game called Killer, where he must squirt a girl named Jenny with a water gun. The story ends describing the aftermath of the incident, as well as what happens to the main characters.
The book is a memoir of the experience of the author who returned to Iran during the revolution and lived and taught in the Islamic Republic of Iran until her departure in 1997. It narrates her teaching at the University of Tehran after 1979, "Gatsby" is set about eleven years before "Lolita" just as the Iranian revolution starts. The Great Gatsby and Mike Gold's works are discussed.
August Willemsen, a professional translator of Portuguese, writes about the history of soccer in Brazil. The book opens with a quotation from Brazilian novelist Roberto Drummond. It is also about how it is experienced by Brazilian fans: simultaneoulsy a feeling of joy, and of torture.
The story is told through the eyes of several people. Dawn Stone is an ambitious young woman who wants to make as much money as quickly as she can. Tom Stewart is an Englishman who had been in Hong Kong since 1935 and made his fortune in business. Sister Maria is a devout nun and tends to the territory's poor and needy. Their stories all converge in the end when Hong Kong is passed from British to Chinese rule.
Wizard takes place in 2100, seventy-five years after the events in Titan. Cirocco has become an alcoholic, apparently due to the strain of being the Wizard. Gaby Plauget has taken up the slack, carrying out special projects for Gaea such as building the Circum-Gaea Highway.
Demon takes place in the years 2113 through 2121, thirteen to twenty-one years after the events of Wizard. Cirocco Jones has become a combination fugitive and resistance leader. The militant creations of Gaea, once limited, have replaced the Avatar that Jones destroyed at the end of wizard. All captured Ringmaster crew were fitted with a parasitic, worm-like spy inside their brains.
The novel takes place firmly within "Steinbeck country" Juan and his wife Alice own a small lunch counter at Rebel Corners. Alice is devoted to her marriage but is in all other ways a deeply unhappy woman. The novel's description of Mr. Pritchard is an example of Steinbeck's concise character delineation.
Cornelius is hired by Arthur Kobold to find a copy of The Book of Ultimate Truths. The book is a set of great secrets discovered by Hugo Rune, but suppressed by unknown forces. Cornelius and his schoolfriend Tuppe set out to find the book. They encounter the evil Campbell, who is also seeking to retrieve the lost book.
The play opens with the introduction of Beatrice, a woman who has traveled to Venice disguised as her dead brother in search of the man who killed him: her lover, Florindo. Beatrice disguises herself as Federigo, , so that he can collect dowry money from Pantalone, the father of Clarice, her brother's betrothed.
Screenwriter Dinah Kaufman is a failure in her relationships with men. She meets someone she believes to be the man of her dreams, Rudy Gendler. She soon discovers that he is not exactly what she believed him to be and their marriage is over. Dinah then realizes that she still loves Rudy and wants him back.
Gary Boone is the self-proclaimed clown of his seventh-grade class. He never stops joking, despite the fact that nobody laughs much. Entering a talent contest as a stand-up comedian forces him to look more closely at the effect his humor has on others and on himself.
The title is a pun on Have Gun - Will Travel, a popular Western TV series which ran in the 1950s and 1960s. Wesley meets two ghosts from the early Hollywood era who lead him to a better understanding of his life. Cordelia is invited to become a model, but there is a catch.
Set in the year 2012, a series of seemingly unrelated events take place, which during the course of the story all become interconnected. The story climaxes with the discovery of Atlantis under the ice in Antarctica and the team's expedition to find any crumb of help that may save the Earth from the impending disaster that the Sun is about to unleash.
Bowles was one of a party that traveled across the Continent in the summers of 1865 and 1866 to explore the Western United States. Bowles sees the railroads as the key that will unlock the region. In addition to his enthusiasm for the West, Bowles urges the preservation of Niagara Falls and of regions of the Adirondacks and Maine.
British Intelligence suspects a connection with a minor cross-channel smuggling ring. Undercover agent Paul Chavasse is sent to find answers. He soon discovers that this is no small-time operation. It reaches throughout the world and leads to some very ruthless and powerful men.
The novel's protagonist is Victor Jenner, sent to prison for shooting and crippling a police officer after an attempted rape. Ten years later, Jenner is released from prison and has to find himself a new life, with the reduced resources produced by ten years' incarceration. He discovers that it is all too easy to slip back into the old one.
Sirian Empire, centred in the Sirius star system, has advanced technology that made their citizens effectively immortal and sophisticated machines that did almost everything for them. But this technology came at a price: many Sirians became afflicted with "the existentials", a debilitating malady that left them feeling worthless and with no reason to exist. To overcome this problem, Sirius embarked on a conquest of space and colonised many planets. But they also encroached on territory of the superior Canopean Empire that led to a costly war, which Canopus won.
The Providers, the invisible and unidentified rulers of all the Zones, order that Al"Ith, queen of the peaceful paradise of Zone Three, marry Ben Ata, king of the militarized and repressive Zone Four. Some of the women of Zone Four, led by Dabeeb , step in to help Al'Ith. The frontiers between Zones Three, Four and Five are open and knowledge is flowing between them.
Planet 8 is a small world that was colonised by the benevolent galactic empire Canopus. One day Canopus instructs them to build a huge wall, to exact Canopean specifications, right around the girth of the planet. After a while temperatures start to drop and the climate begins to change. Glaciers form in the north and slowly advance towards the wall.
Volyen is a relatively weak interstellar empire situated at the edge of our galaxy. It comprises the planet Volyen, its two moons and two neighbouring planets, Maken and Slovin. Over time unstable empires formed, where each planet for a period ruled the others. The Volyan Empire is the last of these empires and rules the region with force and repression.
In 1994, a sadistic serial killer begins preying on elderly, successful men. Meanwhile, Wallander witnesses a young woman from the Dominican Republic set herself on fire. As he investigates the two cases, the Ystad detective uncovers a sinister link to prostitution rackets and the white slavery trade.
Typhoon is a classic sea yarn, possibly based upon Conrad's actual experience of seaman's life. It describes how Captain MacWhirr sails the Siamese steamer Nan-Shan into a typhoon. Other characters include the young Jukes - most probably an "alter ego" of Conrad from the time he had sailed under captain John McWhir.
In Mid-17th century France, a young Louis XIV struggles for his throne. Angélique de Sancé de Monteloup grows up in the Poitou marshlands. She finds herself betrothed to the rich count, Jeoffrey de Peyrac, 12 years her senior.
Margaret Parsons was a religious, old-fashioned and respectable woman. Inspector Wexford becomes interested in her death after finding a number of letters from the mysterious Doon. The police knew all about Margaret Parsons. But it wasn't her life that interested WeXford - it was her violent, passionate death.
The novel is split into three parts. Some commentators notice a connection between the character Michael K and the protagonist Josef K. in The Trial by Franz Kafka. The book also bears many references to Kafka, and it is believed, "K" is a tribute to Kafka.
The Perilous Gard takes place in England during the 1550s. Kate Sutton is a lady-in-waiting for Queen Elizabeth I of England when she is still a princess. Her sister, Alicia, inadvertently gets her exiled to a castle named Elvenwood Hall. She finds that the daughter of Sir Geoffrey Heron, the master of the hall, vanished under mysterious circumstances.
Grendel is the title character of a novel about a war between humans and the Danes. The novel begins with Grendel reminiscing about his childhood days of exploring the caves inhabited by him. The book continues by elaborating on the colonization of the area by humans.
A German merchant ship is attempting to return to Germany from Brazil at the end of August 1944 via a crossing of the Atlantic. With a crew of twenty-two men and five nuns as passengers, the boat makes its remarkable journey, but after being severely battered by a storm, is wrecked off the coast of Scotland. The conclusion may sound familiar to some as Higgins has obviously taken some ideas from an earlier novel he wrote called 'A Game For Heroes'
Sarah, a schoolgirl in England, runs home to help her stepmother, Veronica, prepare the living room to protect the family from nuclear fallout. The family then shelter inside as the bombs fall. Veronica displays symptoms first and leaves the house several times to collect canned food for Catherine. William also begins to suffer from radiation sickness, and when he is near this section begins with a flashback to the day of the war.
Pangbourne Village is an estate for the upper middleclass, protected by security fences and discreet guards. One morning it is discovered that all the adult residents have been killed and the children have disappeared without trace. The reader soon realizes that the missing children are also the missing murderers.
A widowed King marries a wicked queen who was a witch. Out of spite, the queen turns her eleven stepsons into swans and forces them to fly away. The queen then tries to bewitch their 15-year old sister Elisa. Elisa is guided by the queen of the fairies to gather nettles in graveyards. She knits these into shirts that will eventually help her brothers regain their human shapes.
The book won the senior fiction section of the 2003 New Zealand Post Children's Book Awards. Roland, a 7th former who has been caught shoplifting, is given an unusual assignment: to spy on a mysterious girl in his class. Roland eventually finds out that he is not unlike Jess Ferret and her abilities, but gets them both into a situation which endangers their lives.
Inspector Wexford finds himself under attack from the local press because of his 'old-fashioned' policing methods. Meanwhile, the difficult relationship he shares with his daughter Sylvia takes on new dimensions, as the case makes him ponder the terrible possibility of losing a child.
Mam and Zin are two star-crossed lovers. Their union is blocked by a person named Bakr of the Bakran clan. Mam eventually dies during a complicated conspiracy by Bakr. Zin also dies while mourning the death of Mam at his grave. Bakr's role in the tragedy is revealed, and he takes sanctuary between the two graves.
The novel's protagonist tells the story of his life lived back and forth between Chile and California. He focuses first on his early youth spent in California, using the films that he saw as a way to characterize this time in his life. He rather suddenly has to return to Chile in his early teens, coming home to live under Augusto Pinochet's regime.
The plot primarily follows Colonel Vorotyntsev, a General Staff officer sent by the Grand Duke's headquarters to the Russian Second Army invading East Prussia under command of General Alexander Samsonov. The unprepared army's failures mirror those of the Tsarist regime. Numerous side plots involving other characters, both on the battlefield and elsewhere, fill out this great historical novel.
Kepesh is fascinated by the beautiful young Consuela Castillo, a student in one of his courses. An erotic liaison is formed between the two; Kepesh becomes obsessively enamored of his lover's breasts, a fetish developed in the previous novels. Despite his fevered devotion, the sexually promiscuous professor maintains a concurrent affair with a previous lover, now divorced.
The novel concerns the story of an unnamed "fallen woman", the second time Defoe created such a character. In Roxana, a woman who takes on various pseudonyms, including "Roxana," describes her fall from wealth thanks to abandonment by a "fool" of a husband.
Stephanie Plum is back and she wants revenge. She's on the trail of Maxine Nowicki, an ex-waitress accused of stealing her ex-boyfriend's car. Helping Stephanie is former-prostitute-turned-backup Lula, puzzle solving transvestite singer Sally Sweet.
Stephanie Plum takes a job with Ranger at his company to make ends meet. Uncle Fred goes missing, Stephanie agrees to help look for him. Stephanie's stalker Benito Ramirez, from book one, is released and is back to irritate Stephanie some more.
Stephanie is assigned to bring in semi-retired mobster Eddie DeChooch when he fails to appear in court for selling contraband cigarettes. Two of Stephanie's burned-out high-school friends, Walter 'MoonMan' Dunphy and Dougie 'The Dealer' Kruper, get themselves mixed up in De chooch's cigarette scheme.
The book begins at the point at which High Five ended, revealing who Stephanie picked: Ranger or Joe Morelli. The story then jumps ahead five months, with Stephanie's friend Carol attempting to avoid jail-time by jumping off a bridge. Stephanie must chase down Ranger, while being followed by two hit men.
Stephanie Plum is a bounty hunter and amateur detective. The title appears to come from the common phrase, 'dressed to the nines' Stephanie's new niece, her older sister Valerie's daughter with Albert Kloughn, is born. Stephanie saves the day yet again.
Stephanie Plum and her partner, Lula, are clearly in the wrong place at the wrong time. A robbery leads to an explosion, which leads to the destruction of yet another car. It would be just another day in the life of Stephanie Plum, except it makes her the target of a gang.
Stephanie Plum has had enough. Enough of bounty hunting, enough of being constantly shot at, and enough of having her cars blown up on a semi-regular basis. So, she retires. But she's not done with the bounty-hunting business yet. Someone is, once again, attempting to kill her. It's someone she knows, and someone who knows her too well.
Radetzky March relates the stories of three generations of the Trotta family, professional Austro-Hungarian soldiers and career bureaucrats of Slovenian origin. In 1859, the Austrian Empire was fighting the Second War of Italian Independence against French and Italian belligerents. In northern Italy, during the Battle of Solferino , the well-intentioned, but blundering, Emperor Franz Joseph I, and his cavalry cohort, are almost killed. To thwart snipers, Infantry Lieutenant Trotta topples the Emperor from his horse. The Emperor awards Lt. Trotta the Order of Maria Theresa and ennobles him.
Vitangelo discovers by way of a completely irrelevant question that his wife poses to him that everyone he knows, everyone he has ever met, has constructed a Vitangelo persona in their own imagination. The reader is immediately immersed in a cruel How can one come to know the true foundation, the substate of the self?
The main character is a young man known as Austin Gilroy. He studies physiology and knows a professor who is studying the occult. The young man is introduced to a middle-aged woman known as Miss Penclosa. She has a crippled leg and psychic powers. Gilroy's fiancée, Agatha, is put into a trance to prove her powers.
I Left My Sneakers in Dimension X continues the adventures of Rod and the crew of the Galactic Patrol ship Ferkel. When villainous BKR's friend Smorkus Flinders crosses over from Dimension X, he captures Rod. Rod is one of seven Shapeshifters on a quest to see the Ting Wongovia.
The Search For Snout picks up where the previous book left off. Grakker decides to break off from the Galactic Patrol and head for the Mentat. There, he hopes to find a clue that could lead them to their fallen friend. Snout reveals exactly what happened to him after he vanished from Dimension X.
Aliens Stole My Body is the fourth book in the Aliens series. The book follows the adventures of Rod and his friends on the planet Kryndamar. They are eventually captured by BKR and his gang, who plan to use Rod's brain as bait. Rod is able to defeat BKR, and return his body to his own body.
Hannah Stern is a young jewish girl living in the present day. She is transported back in time to 1941 in Poland of World War II. At that time and place, the people believe she is Chaya Abramowicz, who is recovering from cholera, the fever that killed Chaya's parents.
Noelle becomes obsessed with her uncle, Danny Farrell, who has always been a black sheep of sorts in the family. The family is an example of an Irish Catholic family's ascent into the upper middle class. Noelle courageously probes this dark side of her ancestry, leading to the truth about who she really is.
A peasant girl named Karen is adopted by a rich old lady after her mother's death. She grows up vain. Karen tricks her adoptive mother into buying her a pair of red shoes fit for a princess. Karen repeatedly wears them to church, without paying attention to the service.
The story itself is set in a small village in Sicily. The protagonist Marta Ajala feels "excluded" from the society in which she lives. The father dies at the same time that Marta's baby, which she had been carrying in her womb with so much repulsion.
The bulk of the book focuses on a British writer, Nathan, who is attempting to sell an idea for a Claustrosphere commercial to Plastic Tolstoy, owner and chief marketer of the company which builds them. The commercial represents a change in emphasis for the advertising campaign; up to now Claustropheres have been sold as a kind of fall back insurance, just in case the environment collapses. Now that virtually everybody owns at least a basic model, sales are falling.
A handsome con man manipulates three vulnerable women into handing over large sums of money. After he supposedly dies in the Paddington train crash, they realise his deception and find themselves in serious debt. One of his many victims, ex-fiancée Minty, thinks she has seen his 'ghost' wandering around and begins carrying a knife so she can exact revenge.
Gateway is a space station built into a hollow asteroid constructed by the Heechee, a long-vanished alien race. Notable among the abandoned technology are nearly a thousand small starships. Nobody knows where a particular setting will take the ship or how long the trip will last. Once in flight, no one who has changed the settings has ever been heard from again.
The Radiant Seas tells the story of Jaibriol's childhood on the planet Prizma and the course of Radiance War. This novel overlaps with Ascendant Sun which tells the events after Radiances War from the point of view of new Skolian Imperator Kelric Valdoria.
Kelric is a psion who is captured by his people's enemies, the Eubians. He is sold in an auction to Tarquine Iquar, Minister of Finance. Kelric makes a bold escape, which although successful, cripples his health. He manages to make it to another planet, where he meets his future wife Jeejon.
The story is about Vis, the daughter of Shahrk and Karen, the ruling family of Mah in western Iran. Vis is raised by a wet-nurse or nanny who also happens to be raising Ramin, who is Shahru marries Vis to her son, Vis's brother, Viru. The marriage remains unconsummated because of Vis' menstruation, which by Zoroastrian law makes her unapproachable.
The Sacred Flame is the story about the misfortune of Maurice Tabret, previously a soldier of World War I. Maurice is involved in a plane crash and left crippled from the waist down. The play commences some years later in Gatley House near London, home of Maurice's mother, Mrs. Tabret.
 Cosmos traces the origins of knowledge and the scientific method, mixing science and philosophy. The book also discusses the underlying premises of science by providing biographical anecdotes about many prominent scientists throughout history. Sagan reiterates his position on extraterrestrial life-that the magnitude of the universe permits the existence of thousands of alien civilizations.
The Quantum Rose is a retelling of the Beauty and the Beast folktale in a science fiction setting. The book deals with themes about the physical and emotional scars left on the survivors of a war with no clear victor. Both the world Balimul in the first half of the novel and the world Lyshriol in the second half fall into the lost colony genre of literature in science fiction.
Zinnia "Zinny" Taylor, a quiet yet sometimes outrageous 13 year old girl, enjoys the care of her aunt and uncle, Jessie and Nate. Zinny accidentally rediscovers a large overgrown trail that is over two hundred years old. In her grief, the trail becomes an obsession, as she decides to clear and travel the entire length of it.
Mrs. Olinski returns to the classroom at Epiphany Middle School several years after an accident that left her paraplegic. Four of her sixth-grade students form a group they call "The Souls" and she chooses them to represent her class in Academic Bowl competition. Between chapters that feature the progress of the competition, each of the four students narrates one chapter related to the development of The Souls.
The novel is set in present-day West Virginia. The protagonist is Summer, an orphaned child who has been passed from one apathetic relative to another. At age six, she meets her Aunt May and Uncle Ob. The kindly old couple notice that, although Summer is not mistreated, she is virtually ignored by her caretakers.
The Great Tarnov Crystal is a mysterious crystal that has caused many wars over the millennia. The crystal was entrusted by the city of Tarnów to the Charnetski family for safeguarding until its discovery by others. Nicholas Kreutz, teaches a German student named Johann Tring chemistry in the loft above his apartment every evening. Tring is obsessed with the idea of obtaining the philosopher's Peter of the Button Face.
The strangulation of four children in the vicinity of San Francisco leads the police force to appoint inspectors Al Hawkin and Kate Martinelli to discover the criminal. Suspicion falls on renowned artist Vaun Adams, convicted of murdering a young girl years before. The police are forced to conclude that someone else must be behind the murders, and they discover that Vaun's ex-boyfriend, maniacally egotistical Andy Lewis, must be the perpetrator.
The story is about a young woman who is obsessed with the 1937 Japanese invasion of Nanking. She travels to Japan in order to find a professor said to have rare footage of the massacre detailing an event that she could not otherwise prove occurred. The professor decides that he will only show her the tape if she was to procure an unknown ingredient of Chinese medicine from the local Yakuza group.
Detective Inspector Jack Caffery is one of the police team. The disappearance of the little boy rekindles memories of his brother Ewan who was abducted as a 9-year-old and never seen again. Patterns of child sexual abuse start to emerge and Cafferies tracks down a young man who was abused in the same park many years earlier.
Ryan is a tough-minded British businessman appalled by the breakdown of society at the end of the 20th century. He feels that he is one of the few sane men in a world of paranoiacs. With a small group of family and friends, he has stolen a spaceship and set out for Munich 15040.
Jonas Taylor is a deep sea diver working for the United States Navy on a top-secret dive in the Mariana Trench. He sees a megalodon, the "Meg" of the title, a massive ancient predator that is believed to be extinct. Because he is the only survivor he is disbelieved. He becomes a paleontologist and tries to prove that the meGalodon is real.
Henry escapes to America after falling foul of his erstwhile comrades in the Irish Republican Army. In New York, he becomes involved in advertising, pornography and bootlegging. After stepping on the toes of the Mob, Henry heads for Chicago, where he becomes the manager and partner-in-crime of Louis Armstrong.
Mary Lou Finney is less than excited about her assignment to keep a journal over the summer. She also has to read The Odyssey, which she often relates to her own story. Her cousin Carl Ray comes to stay with her family, under the pretense of looking for a job. Over the course of the summer, she learns about the difficulties that Carl Ray has faced.
The story focuses on Mrs. Dane's betrothal to Lionel, adopted son of Sir Daniel who is a famous judge. Rumours have been spread in Sunningwater that she is actually Felicia Hindermarsh, involved in a tragic scandal following an affair with a married man in Vienna. Sir Daniel's professional approach exposes her real identity in a famous cross-examination scene.
The novel focuses on the lives of individuals aboard the train as it makes a trip from Ostend to Istanbul. The lives of each of the central characters are bound together in a fateful interlock. Dr. Czinner, an exiled socialist leader, wants to travel back to Belgrade, only to find that the socialist uprising he was anticipating has already taken place.
The story tells a child's experience in the Blitz during World War II and his rescue from an air-raid shelter. Suffering from a wartime childhood and post-war shortages in London, Timothy has little to enrich his early youth. Everything changes when his glamorous older sister Kath invites him to spend the summer in Heidelberg.
The story begins with Bernard, a laicised Catholic priest, escorting his unwilling father Jack to Hawaii at the request of his aunt Ursula. On the day after arrival, Jack is hit by a car and sent to hospital. Bernard spends much time travelling between Jack's bedside and Ursula's nursing home, and through this, gets the opportunity to discover their past.
The book is about Cora Sharpe, a Hollywood screenwriter who is eight-and-a-half months pregnant. Concerned that she will not survive labor, Cora begins to write long letters to her unborn child. Her relationship with Ray became more complicated by the arrival of his mother, who came to live with them.
Samantha Morrow has been content with her life, though she knows it isn't perfect. She has a nice home, a great son, and a husband she loves. But everything is turned upside down when her husband tells her he wants out of their marriage. Her first solution to this dilemma is to find a couple of roommates.
The story is written as a first person narrative from the perspective of one of three boys shipwrecked on the coral reef of a large but uninhabited Polynesian island. Ralph tells the story retrospectively, looking back on his boyhood adventure. The narrative is essentially in two parts. The first describes how the boys feed themselves, what they drink, the clothing and shelter they fashion, and how they cope with having to rely on their own resources. The second half of the novel is more action-packed, featuring conflicts with pirates, fighting between the native Polynesians, and the conversion efforts of Christian missionaries.
A British rocket, developed at minimal cost and secretly from officialdom, lifts off from the Woomera rocket range on a mission to Mars. During the voyage, an accident in the airlock kills all but the narrator, who was returning from EVA and still in his space suit. The rocket reaches Mars but crash lands. After fifteen years, an American mission lands, thinking themselves the first to reach Mars.
The book begins with a frame story which recounts a train journey from Kanpur to Delhi. The story within the story, which comprises the bulk of the book, relates the events that happen one night at a call center. It is a story of almost lost love, thwarted ambitions, absence of family affection, pressures of a patriarchal set up, and the work environment of a globalized office.
The story follows the progress and growth of Ford Motor Company through the perspective of a number of generations of a single family. The Ford factory began with very skilled workers. Through a process of breaking the skilled job down into simple steps, they were able to hire lower wage, less skilled individuals to do the work.
The novel, set in post-war Barcelona, concerns a young boy, Daniel Sempere. Daniel's father takes him to the secret Cemetery of Forgotten Books. According to tradition, everyone initiated to this secret place is allowed to take The novel is actually a story within a story.
Young Boba Fett is brought to Count Dooku's lair on the planet of Raxus Prime by Aurra Sing. He snoops around finding out what the Separatists are there for: the Force Harvester. Clone Troopers attack the planet's Separatist forces and rescue him.
Adolphe, the narrator, is the son of a government minister. When the novel opens, he is 22 years old and has just completed his studies at the University of Göttingen. He travels to the town of D*** in Germany, where he becomes attached to the court of an enlightened Prince. A friend's project of seduction inspires him to try something similar with the 32-year-old lover of the Comte de P***. The seduction is successful, but they both fall in love, and their relationship becomes all-consuming.
Easy is the son of foolish parents, who spoiled him. By the time he is a teenager Easy has adopted his father's point of view. Easy joins the navy, which his fatherbelieves to be the best example of an equal society. Easy becomes a competent officer, in spite of his notions. Easy's mother dies, and he returns home to find his father is completely mad.
Jesse Snake is a healer in a desert tribe. She is dependent upon her snakes for healing purposes and has three: Grass, Sand and Mist. Snake blames herself for the loss of her dreamsnake and loathes having to return and tell her fellow healers of her mistake. Snake is eventually convinced to try going back to the Central city to get help.
A reflective statue is found at the bottom of one of Earth's oceans, having lain there for 1.5 billion years. It is suspected that the "Sea Statue" is actually a space traveler within one of these time fields. Larry Greenberg, a telepath, agrees to participate in an experiment: a time-slowing field is generated around both Greenberg and the statue, shutting off the stasis field and revealing Kzanol. He is a living Thrint, a member of a telepathic race that once ruled the galaxy through mind control.
Israel Potter leaves his plough to fight in the American Revolution. He is captured by the British Navy and taken to England. Yet, he makes his escape, and this triggers a series of extraordinary events. Israel encounters King George III, who takes a liking to the Yankee rebel.
In an English public house, George McWhirter Fotheringay is engaged in vigorously asserting the impossibility of miracles. However, after an unintended command of his, an oil lamp does the impossibleflaming upside down. He is then moved by the clergyman, Mr. Maydig, who coincidentally preaches about unnatural occurrences.
Caballo de Troya 9, Caná was published in Spain in 2011. The book is narrated as if it is a true report of how the author was approached by an unnamed retired US Air Force pilot. The Major took part as a time traveller sent to witness the last weeks of Jesus's life through a time-travelling device.
Karuna, the main protagonist and narrator is caught up in a drab, boring life that she seeks to escape by writing memoirs. Her memoirs are successful and she achieves a measure of fame and pride in herself as she becomes an active socialite. Eventually uses her newfound prominence as a celebrity to get herself a position as an advertising copywriter and creator of a television series.
The Worthing Chronicle is an expansion of Card's first novel, Hot Sleep. This book is about why Abner Doon destroyed the empire and the planet Capitol. It also explains why people all over the settled part of the galaxy are no longer being protected by "God" from pain and hardship.
The story's protagonist is Jud Elliott III, a failed Harvard history masters student in 2059. Bored with his job as a law clerk, he takes up a position with the Time Service as a Time Courier. When he meets and falls in love with the 'marvelous transtemporal paradox called Pulcheria' - his own multi-great grandmother - Jud succumbs to the lure of the past.
Andrew envies Nicky Lane because Nicky has numerous freckles all over his face, ears, and neck. He wants to have his own so his mother will not be able to tell if his neck and face are dirty and he would not have to wash them. A girl in Andrew's class named Sharon fools him by using sneaky tricks. She gives him the recipe for "Freckle Juice" for fifty cents. After school, he runs home to make the recipe which calls for several disgusting ingredients.
Bruce Gold is offered the chance for success, fame and fortune in Washington D.C. as the country's first ever Jewish Secretary of State. But he must face the consequences of this, such as divorcing his wife and alienating his family, the thought of which energizes him and makes him cringe.
The three men are searching for a magical sword called Karaghul. On the way, they meet a party of men under attack. An ancient and powerful evil has desecrated their tombs. Unless it is slain and the tombs resanctified, they will never find their way back.
The novel tells the story of a young man named Rush that Speaks and of his wandering through a strange, post-apocalyptic world. The story is set in a post-technological future. Our own age is dimly remembered in story and legend, but without nostalgia or regret. The people of Rush's world are engaged in living their own lives in their own cultures.
Henry Coningsby is the orphan grandson of a wealthy marquess. Lord Monmouth initially disapproved of his parents' marriage. On their death he relents and sends the boy to be educated at Eton College. At Eton he meets and befriends Oswald Millbank, the son of a rich cotton manufacturer. The two older men represent old and new wealth in society.
Martin begins as a bellboy at the Vanderlyn hotel. He rises through its hierarchy through promotions, due to his reputation as a bright, conscientious worker. A focus of the novel is Martin's imagination for grand, sweeping business ideas. One of the themes is that emptiness may lie behind the ideal of the American Dream.
George Pyke is overjoyed at hearing he is shortly to be made a lord, but disappointed with his wimpy son Roderick's handling of Society Spice. Bill West's love for beautiful Alice Coker has stirred him to Judson. Bill hears that Alice is engaged to someone else, but is surprised to find he doesn't care.
Sam Shotter is sent to England to work for Lord Tilbury, who hopes to complete a business deal with Pynsent. Sam opts to join his old pal "Hash" Todhunter, cook on a tramp ste Braddock is staying with Kay Derrick and her uncle Mr Wrenn while his house is decorated. Sam is mistaken for a burglar by Lippett, the maid, and ends up sleeping in the empty house next door.
The protagonist is David Powlett-Jones, a coal miner's son from South Wales. He has risen from the ranks and been commissioned as a Second Lieutenant in World War I. David remains concerned about life in Wales, particularly among the miners, and is politically affected by the General Strike of 1926.
The novel is set in the Sarladais. An adolescent boy is sent to live with a 35-year-old priest. He abuses him physically and sexually, but the boy willingly accepts his 'punishment' The boy falls in love with a slightly younger, and very beautiful boy, meeting in secret and having sex.
Lanny Budd meets a family of Dutch Jews in the first volume of the series. By the time the events of this book occur, his half-sister has married one of their sons. In the climax at the end of this volume, Lanny helps spring the other son from Nazi arrest and jail.
The novel involves a Chinese woman, Shu Wen, retelling her life in Tibet to Xinran in a tea shop in Suzhou. Shu Wen marries a military doctor who gets orders to go into Tibet to pacify the Tibetan people and bring them under Chinese rule. The reputation of the Tibetans from the government paints them as sympathetic and welcoming to the Chinese.
U.S. General Irving Morrell's campaign to drive Confederate forces out of Pennsylvania and Ohio is successful. The race between American and Confederate physicists to build a "uranium bomb" continues. In Richmond, the Confederate capital, blacks rebel, seeking not to save their lives but to die with weapons.
The story begins with the British Army's assault on Ciudad Rodrigo. Sharpe and Harper lead an assault on the French, displaying their usual bravery. During the assault Sharpe's captaincy is up for sale, and without Lawford to defend him, he is likely to lose command of his company.
The story is divided into thirty very short chapters which permit the author to rapidly change situations and environments. The proposition of the plan dominates the first chapter with the agitated figure of Marcantonio Ravì. Pepé, the maldextrous cavalier, gets himself caught up in a duel in order to defend Stellina.
George, Harold, Sulu and Crackers end up in an alternate universe where the whole world is the opposite of their normal world. There they also meet an evil, alternate version of Captain Underpants, Captain Blunderpants and evil versions of George and Harold. The heroes finally get back to the normal dimension of the world, but end up bringing the Mr. Krupp of the alternate universe and Sulu with them.
In the first half, when the ship is stranded but unharmed, the mood is bucolic and philosophical. In the much darker second half, the book becomes an almost Die Hard-like thriller. The violence of the rebel takeover and of Hisako's revenge is described very graphically.
A Song of Stone tells the frightening story of what happens when the normal rules of society break down. Themes of incest, violence and war are intertwined with the lives of the rather pompous but lyrical disgraced aristocrat Abel, the vacuous and submissive Morgan, the ruthless Loot. The story is told by Abel in the first person.
Dick and Dorothea Callum meet the Swallows and Amazons during the winter beside the lake. They become part of the group and join in their play of Arctic expeditions. Plans go awry when the Ds set out earlier than expected due to a misunderstanding over a signal flag.
The novel is set in Britain in 1987, and involves the Seventh Doctor and his companions Chris Cwej and Roz Forrester living on a working-class council estate. A young boy living on the estate, Gabriel Tyler, appears to be the focus of strange powers.
Jason Bock invents a new god-the water tower. He recruits an unlikely group of worshippers, including Dan Grant and Magda Price. As the Chutengodian religion grows, it takes on a life of its own. As a result, when the first mass is held, things go from dangerous to deadly.
Summer Gone is the story of Bailey Newling and his three lost summers. Macfarlane set this novel among the cottage country in northern Ontario, the Waubano Reaches. The narration of this story is told by Caz's half brother, from a one night stand of Bailey's, as an adult, retelling what Caz had told him.
An old friend of Albert Campion has written a successful book that has been turned into a hit musical comedy. Jimmy Sutane, an established actor and dancer is the star of the musical. But recently someone has it in for Sutane and has started playing harmless practical jokes that have caused him much trauma.
Campion investigates the scene of the crime. He finds a recently-broken ventilator to the rear of the vault. Campion finds out from an uncle that the document in the vault is not the original manuscript. Later, holidaying in France with Mike, he finds the long lost Tom Barnabas, who tells him he is his nephew.
The narrator meets fellow American Clement Searle at an old-fashioned London inn. Searle has long wanted to settle in England to escape what he considers his arid life in America. But he is physically ailing, and he's also depressed because his lawyer cannot uphold his claim to a share in a country estate.
The novel deals with many philosophical issues pertaining to modern quantum physics, as well as human interaction with artificial intelligence. The physicists in Coombs's lab become obsessed with Lack, which appears to have its own personality and preferences. Alice develops a personal relationship with the artificial intelligence that they have created, while Philip becomes jealous of their relationship.
Toby Flower is a shy, reticent youth who has grown his hair long and who has started wearing a burnous. His father, an editor, and his mother, a novelist, are thrown into despair when Toby is expelled from school because he has been taking drugs. Toby eventually breaks out of that stifling atmosphere, moves to London, where he lives in a basement flat.
The story is set in Australia, and involves an orphaned city boy named Simon Brent. In a remote valley on the property he discovers a variety of ancient Australian Dreamtime creatures. The arrival of heavy machinery intent on clearing the land brings to life the ominous stone Nargun.
 Hartford tells the exciting true story of the incident in the life of an Ohio River steamboat around 1910. The boat, the Virginia, was subject to the rather fickle nature of the river at that time and ended up beached in a cornfield. This steamboat navigated the river before locks and dams were constructed to help regulate the waterway.
The story is set in Vetusta where the main character of the work, Ana Ozores "La Regenta", marries the former prime magistrate of the city. A great panorama of secondary characters, portrayed by Clarín with merciless irony, completes the human landscape of the novel.
Fugitive is a writer from Venezuela sentenced to life in prison. He believes he is on the island of Villings. The island is the focus of a strange disease whose symptoms are similar to radiation poisoning. Fugitive starts a diary after tourists arrive on the desert island where he is hiding.
The main subject of the book is the relationship between the valet Jacques and his master. Jacques's story is continuously interrupted by other characters and various comic mishaps. The tales told are usually humorous, with romance or sex as their subject matter. The story of Jacques's loves is lifted directly from Tristram Shandy.
A wealthy American man named Longmore is introduced to his countrywoman Euphemia de Mauves. She is the sweet but austere wife of a womanizing Frenchman. Longmore resists the suggestion, even though he spots Richard with his latest mistress in a Paris cafe. Two years later he hears that Richard has committed suicide.
In 1929, some archaeologists find a horse skeleton in a mound in the Louisiana swampland. The mound contains something even more anachronistic-a corroded brass rifle cartridge. This is a novel about shifts in time. Madison Yazoo Leake, a member of the Special Group, is transported back in time in an attempt to stop the destruction of the human race.
Syanthe is about 18 years old. She is a shapeshifter and has lived with other shapeshifters in the Carlbine forest all her life. Because of an incident that happened years ago, the King had confined all shapeshiftters to the forest. He marked all of them with a magical tattoo on their faces that would kill them if they crossed the boundaries. Syanthe was hidden at birth from the King's men.
On Earth, a boy named Arthur Penhaligon is at a new school. He collapses during an outdoor cross country run during gym because of his severe asthma. While waiting for help, Arthur notices one strange-looking men materializing out Mister Monday doesn't want to give it up because he needs the key in order to continue his reign. After Arthur dies, Arthur hides the key and passes out.
J. Washburn Stoker is convinced that Pauline and Bertie are still in love, and that he must exercise ceaseless vigilance in order to prevent them from getting engaged again. After a falling-out concerning Bertie's relentless playing of the banjolele, Jeeves leaves his master's service and finds work with his old friend.
Vance Vance's Cugel is a fantasy novel about a young boy. The boy is captured by the Laughing Magician Iucounu. In exchange for his release, he must gain an Eye of the Overworld. The Eye allows the wearers to see the world through rose-colored glasses.
Scully Christopher Crockett La Cruz is an actor, fortune seeker and adventurer from the long isolated orbital technocratic democracies of Circumluna and the Bubbles Congeries. He lands in what he believes to be Canada to reclaim family mining interests only to discover that Canada is now North Texas. What is left of civilization in North America is ruled by primitive, backslapping, bigger than life "good ole boys" convinced of their own moral superiority.
Phallos is a coda to Delany's exploration of prehistoric attitudes and technologies, psychologies and sexualities. The story connects the prehistoric "nameless gods" from his four-volume series Return to Nevèrÿ Phallos. The plot is interlarded - indeed, held together - by numerous gay sexual encounters.
Sophie Fevvers claims to have been left as a baby in a basket on the doorstep of a brothel. She is sold to a customer who wishes to sacrifice a winged 'virgo intacta' in order to procure his own immortality. Soon after Walser is introduced to the other members of the circus and saves Mignon from being eaten by a tigress.
This book introduces the Redoubts, in particular the Cerberus Redoubt, and the MAT-TRANS teleport chambers. It also brings Doc Tanner to the group, and gives us our first glance at one of the series' long running mutant menaces : Stickies. A major character who appears in this novel is the Trader, who apparently goes off to die alone near the end of the book, but is constantly referenced in future novels.
The narrator of the story is a somewhat naive American admirer of English novelist Mark Ambient. He meets Ambient's beautiful but chilly wife, his sickly seven-year-old son Dolcino, and his strange sister Gwendolyn. He also learns that Ambients' wife strongly dislikes her husband's novels and considers them corrupt and pagan.
The Man-Who-Did-It is a novel by Llewellyn Drury. It is based on a thirty-year-old manuscript found in a library. The book tells the story of how Drury met the mysterious "I-Am-The-Man" The book blends spiritualist speculation and adventure-story elements.
The book follows the life of runaway Valerie Russell in New York. Val discovers her boyfriend, Tom, and her mother are having an affair. Val runs away to New York City. She meets up with a group of teen-squatters. Val earns the nickname "Prince Valiant" after she helps a drag queen locate her shoe.
Pongo Twistleton is having money troubles, and his wealthy friend Horace Pendlebury-Davenport is in trouble with his girl. Pongo resolves to call in the redoubtable Uncle Fred for assistance. Uncle Fred poses as Glossop with Pongo playing the role of his secretary and nephew, and Polly his daughter Gwendolyne.
Commissioner Gordon informs Batman that the patients of Arkham Asylum have taken over the facility, threatening to murder the staff unless Batman agrees to meet with them. Among the hostages is Dr. Charles Cavendish, Arkham's administrator. The Joker forces Batman into a game of hide and seek, giving him one hour to escape Arkham.
Cordell's first successful novel draws the hardship of life in early industrial Wales. The father starts off as positive towards the English coal and iron masters of the time. On seeing his family and neighbours suffer he revolts with his son Iestyn to protest. The family life leads to the fight for trade unions and Chartism.
The story is set in the reign of King Charles II of England. It follows the experiences of Quaker leader Rowland Ellis. Ellis founded a Welsh colony in Pennsylvania after being forced to leave Wales because of religious persecution. A sequel, Y Rhandir Mwyn , continues the story.
'Black Creek Crossing' is a chilling page-turner that begs to be read in one sitting. From the shocking opening to the explosive climax the plot speeds along with unstoppable force. Vivid gothic descriptions and likable characters combined with creepy scares will hold readers breathless until the final page has been turned.
Laura Wing, an impoverished American girl, is visiting her sister Selina Berrington in London. Selina's husband Lionel, boorish and often drunk, is preparing to divorce his wife for her adultery with Charlie Crispin. Laura challenges Selina about her affair and doubts her protestations of innocence. Laura meets a pleasant but boring American named Wendover, who becomes a suitor.
The Swallows, Amazons and Ds are all on a sailing cruise with Captain Flint in the Outer Hebrides. A mysterious bird is seen nesting on an island in a loch. The question arises whether it is a Great Northern Diver, which has never been known to nest in the British Isles, or a Black-Throated Diver.
The book is set in Tokyo in the mid-1990s. Twigger is living with two friends in a tiny apartment near central Tokyo. They all decide to enrol at the Yoshinkan Hombu Dojo in order to get fit and break out of their sedentary life-style. Soon after beginning regular training, Twigger decides that the only way to truly experience aikido is to do a gruelling 11-month program.
The Mars Mission Director, working with an agent of the FBI, races to discover who sabotaged the mission before the crew even arrived on Mars. He is shocked to discover that his own Flight Director committed the initial sabotage. The mission ends with the psychiatrically challenged commander sacrificing his own life to save the rest of the crew.
Freud: "The aim of life is death" and "inanimate things existed before living ones" He interprets an organism's drive to avoid danger as a way of avoiding a short-circuit to death. Freud eventually decided that he could find a clinical manifestation of the death instinct in the phenomenon of masochism.
Dr. Valerie Jansen feels doubly guilty about accepting the assignment. She sees herself as usurping the place of another, more experienced astronaut. Bob discovers some stray exposed wires that do not appear on anyone's schematics. Someone has, quite simply, planted a bomb on board, and Bob has triggered it.
The story documents the emotional awakening of Norman Moonbloom, an isolated, apathetic man in his thirties. Norman is reluctantly in the employ of his brother Irwin as a property agent. Irwin's tenants occupy a series of dilapidated apartments in some of the poorer areas of Manhattan.
The novel begins with Keir arguing with Gigi about the events which occurred the night before. Keir is crushed when he learns that Gigi has accused him of date rape. As the novel unfolds, Keir becomes more unpopular because of his substance abuse, school behavior, and his infamous tackle on the football field giving him the nickname "Killer"
Albert Angelo tells the story of Albert Albert, a substitute teacher who longs to be a professional architect. Albert devotes much thought to his ex-girlfriend Jenny, with whom he is still very much in love. The story is at times humorous and at others incredibly serious. As is usual in a Johnson novel sexuality is openly and frankly discussed.
The main plot of the story follows Ethan Truman, an ex-cop who now works as the head of security for the most famous actor in Hollywood. Ethan is trying to track down the sender of several gruesome "messages" that were received in black boxes. After chasing down leads and tracking the "ghost" of his dead friend Duncan "Dunny" Whistler , Ethan finally uncovers the plot and races to stop the kidnapping of Manheim's son, Aelfric.
Pemberton, a penniless graduate of Oxford, takes a job to tutor Morgan Moreen, aged eleven. Morgan is a brilliant and somewhat cynical member of a wandering American family. His mother and father refuse to pay Pemberton as they jump their bills from one hotel to another in Europe.
Earl Keese is a middle-aged, middle-class suburbanite with a wife, Enid, and teenage daughter, Elaine. Earl is content with his dull, unexceptional life, but this changes when a younger, less sophisticated couple, Harry and Ramona, move in next door.
The work traces the death of Claudius, his ascent to heaven and judgment by the gods, and his eventual descent to Hades. At each turn, of course, Seneca mocks the late emperor's personal failings, most notably his arrogant cruelty and his inarticulateness. Most of the speeches of the gods are lost through a large gap in the text.
Galahad Threepwood is in residence at Blandings Castle, and finds his brother Lord Emsworth, the ninth Earl. Joining the house party are Tipton Pl Gally has known Sandy for years, and was good friends with Sam's father "Boko" Bagshott. Gally is disturbed at their falling-out over a minor matter of a bet in the Drones Club marriage sweep.
The novel is set in a nursing home. It follows part of a typical day for a group of elderly people, both male and female. Their thoughts, memories and opinions of each other are explored as they go about their activities, from playing pass-the-parcel to dancing.
Lewis was the son of a well-known Presbyterian minister. The central character is a woman whose life is centred on sexual relationships. Because of its treatment of topics such as prostitution and sexually transmitted diseases, it caused great controversy in Wales, all the more so because of Lewis' father.
The action takes place in the period between 1880 and 1914 against the background of the slate quarries of north Wales. The main character, Jane Gruffydd, is a mother of six forced to overcome many hardships in order to bring up her family. The author was brought up in the region where the book is set.
"Comet Jo" is the story of Comet Jo, an 18-year-old boy from a "simplex" society on Rhys, a satellite of a Jovian planet orbiting Tau Ceti. The story follows Jo over the next few months. Once he reaches a certain point in his maturity, knowledge, and ability to perceive events around him, the reader is left with a few pages of important events.
The story starts when Nick Simple is in detention and is visited by police officers Snape and Boyle. They request that Nick go to Strangeday Hall, a Juvenile Delinquent prison for young offenders and befriend the inmate Johnny Powers. Nick manages to gain Johnny's trust after he saves him from being killed by henchmen of another gang leader, Big Ed. Nick and Johnny escape prison with the help of Tim Diamond, Nick's brother, and Ma Powers.
The novel is set in the Norwegian harbor town of Bergen in 1664, after Klim returns from Copenhagen. His curiosity drives him to investigate a strange cave in a mountainside above the town, which sends out regular gusts of warm air. He ends up falling down the hole, and after a while he finds himself floating in free space. After a few days of orbiting the planet which revolves around the inner sun, he is attacked by a gryphon and he falls down on the planet, which is named Nazar.
An aspiring painter hires a faded genteel couple, the Monarchs, as models. The Monarchs are the "real thing" in that they perfectly represent the aristocratic type. The illustrator finally has to get rid of them, especially after his friend and fellow artist Jack Hawley criticizes the work.
Dencombe, a novelist who has been seriously ill, is convalescing at the English seaside town of Bournemouth. He is sitting near the water and reading his latest book entitled, of course, The Middle Years. A young physician named Dr. Hugh comes over to Dencombe and begins to talk about his admiration for the novel. The weakened Dencombe suddenly loses consciousness.
Frank Thorney has just married Winifred, who is pregnant with Sir Arthur Clarnington's child. Frank promises to make the marriage public as soon his father has given him his inheritance. A devil appears in the form of a black dog and says that he will help her to get her revenge in exchange for her soul.
The land of Achar has prospered for centuries under the care of the one god, Artor the Ploughman. Now, however, disturbing rumors have reached the ears of Jayme, Brother-Leader of the Seneschal, head of the worship of Artor. Evidence suggests that the Forbidden, who were driven out of A char long ago, have returned.
The book follows the story of two 13-year old boys named Brian and Gregory who visit a mansion in Vermont owned by Gregory's Uncle Max. Uncle Max is a strange character who uses complicated words from the past such as "effluents" and "insalubrities" and acts very much like an Edwardian-era aristocrat. The two boys uncover the board of the Game of Sunken Places in the nursery and unintentionally set the game into motion.
The Federation must contain a plague that is killing plant life, damaging animal young, and killing people on several vital systems that collectively supply food for the entire Federation. The Enterprise-E are assigned to a blockade of the Alta Vista system  Picard is unconvinced that the couple actually died in the warp core explosion, because Vulcans do believe suicide is logical.
The novel opens with Ambassador Spock on planet Veridian III following the events of Star Trek Generations. The story then flashes back six months before Kirk was believed to have been 'killed' on the maiden voyage of the U.S. Enterprise. Kirk spots a mysterious young alien woman at the party, but doesn't get a chance to talk to her.
As this is a series of character sketches, the most effective way currently to describe this book is to list the contents.  The Author # The Hall # The Busy Man # Family Servants # The Widow # The Lovers # Family Reliques # An Old Soldier # The widow's Retinue # Ready Money Jack # Bachelors # Wives # Story Telling.
The play opens one year after the suicide of Rosmer's wife, Beata. Rebecca had previously moved into the family home, Rosmersholm, as a friend of Beata, and she lives there still. Rebecca admits that it was she who drove Mrs. Rosmer to deeper depths of despair and in a way even encouraged her suicide.
In 2668, the Kilrathi find themselves in a logistical emergency. The Terran Confederation accepts peace terms. Both fleets are demobilized and many assets secured for cold storage. The novel is set in a bar where ex-Fleet members fight against snobbish extremists. Bear, Hunter, Doomsday and even total strangers step up to defend and befriend Kirha.
Arthur has returned home when the telephone that the first part of the Will gave him starts ringing. Grim Tuesday, the second of the Morrow Days, has found a loophole in the agreement not to interfere with the other Trustees. His work gang is forced to walk to another location. Suzy Turquoise Blue tells them that she brought equipment to break into Grim Tuesday's Treasure Tower.
Lord Emsworth is aghast to learn that his younger son Freddie is back in England from America. He is less worried to hear that his niece Prudence Garland is being called a "dream rabbit" by unknown men. Freddie's wealthy American friend Tipton Plimsoll decides to lay off the booze after mistaking Lister's gorilla-like face for an apparition. Lister is spotted by Colonel Wedge, who mistakes him for a burglar.
Hercule Poirot and his friend Hastings are called upon to visit the home of the famous physicist Sir Claud Amory, who has devised the formula for a new type of explosive. They learn that he has been poisoned the night of their arrival. PoiroT is now confronted with the challenge of figuring out which of the array of other people gathered at the Amory residence is the murderer.
Jitney dramatizes the lives of men hustling to make a living as jitneys-unofficial, unlicensed taxi cab drivers. What makes this play remarkable is not the plot; Jitney is Wilson at his most real-the words these men use and the stories they tell form a true slice of life.
The Rotary Club builds Onion John a new modern home, complete with electricity, running water, stove, and only one bathtub. Almost immediately after moving in, John, unused to modern appliances, leaves newspaper on the stove. The ensuing fire destroys the house. Mr. Rusch is determined to rebuild the house, never noticing that Onion John was uncomfortable and unhappy in his new surroundings.
The novel centres on three very different men: David Fenwick, Joe Gowlan and Arthur Barras. Reactions to the failure of industrial action on safety issues in the coal mines are crystallized in the characters of Davey and Joe. Cronin shows a broad sympathy for the workers and a dislike of the bosses.
George, 6th Viscount Uffenham is a typically impecunious and absent-minded Wodehousian aristocrat. The story also features the crooks Alexander "Chimp" Twist and "Dolly" and "Soapy" Molloy, who had earlier appeared in Sam the Sudden and Money for Nothing.
Annie is only eighteen and Carl is twenty. Annie is able to make friends with anyone, even the grumpiest people. She tries to fit in with the college girls, and is even offered a free class because of her talent as a playwright. Eventually, this couple proves that love endures hardships.
Bertie is persuaded to brave the home of his fearsome Aunt Agatha and her husband Lord Worplesdon. His former fiancee, the beautiful and formidably intellectual Lady Florence Craye will also be in attendance. What ensues will come to be remembered as The Steeple Bumpleigh Horror.
Following the events of Silverwing, Shade, Marina, and friends in the Silverwing colony fly in the middle of the winter in hopes of finding Shade's father Cassiel. The bats find a Human building, and fly inside Shade and Marina sneak into the core of the building. They eventually reach a room of bats that are being used for an unknown purpose.
Los Angeles is being struck by a crime wave. Angel investigates the deaths, and Cordelia tries to find a band of child thieves. Both searches lead in the same direction - a rich slumlord who is imprisoning the children's immigrant parents. Angel hopes to help before it is too late.
After saving a young woman from her rogue bodyguards, Angel is hired by a big Hollywood studio head, Jack Willitts, to guard the girl in question; his daughter, Karinna. Angel takes Karinna to several popular nightspots, writing her off as a spoiled brat. Karinna gets into trouble while Angel and company are being tracked by an unknown creature, trying to destroy anything getting in its way.
The soul is an item of wealth to gamblers, junkies, and others in L.A.'s vast underworld. The soul of an innocent girl is a desirable item... until Angel appears on the scene, with a soul that is- literally- one-of-a-kind.
A wealthy actress, Whitney Tyler, requests the help of Angel, Cordelia, and Doyle. She plays a vampire on a popular TV show, and a small number of viewers seem to believe she is actually a real vampire. The attempts to kill Whitney continue, while Angel, Doyle and Cordy discover a symbol that links the attackers to an ancient battle.
Angel is led to a group of Serpentine demons who live locally in a wealthy and private community. Despite close associations with telemarketing, this group of 'monsters' seems harmless and has no enemies. Yet it has become the target of a clan of underground quake demons. The quake demons can reduce living things to a crushed mess.
A decayed corpse at a Hollywood construction site appears to be a harbinger of more supernatural evil. Doyle has a vision which leads him to a strange address. They must piece together a story involving the cigarette girl, a water commissioner, and a host of disappearing demons.
The police discover a trail of corpses across the city. The only connection between these victims is their hobby of online chatting. Cordelia suggests beginning a Web site for their detective agency. Angel is hesitant-as Doyle points out, "people in trouble want to interface with a face"
The novel is set in the summer and autumn of 1941 at the Schofield Barracks in Hawaii. At the heart of the novel lies a struggle between former bugler Private Robert E. Lee Prewitt and his superiors. The central characters are essentially similar in all three of Jones's World War II novels.
Shakespeare is a modest upstart playwright just coming into his own. The conspirators hope that the play will inspire its audience, Britons once again under the heel of a foreign enemy, to overthrow the Spanish. Despite danger at every turn from both the Spanish Inquisition and a home-grown English Inquisition, the secret play comes to fruition.
In the fall of 1940, the Nazis are at the height of their power. France is occupied, Britain is enduring the Blitz and is under constant threat of invasion. In this dark time, Stephen Metcalfe is living the high life in occupied Paris. He is also a minor asset in the U.S.'s secret intelligence forces in Europe.
Jack and Stephanie Singleton are a married couple struggling through the death of their daughter and on the verge of a divorce. They find themselves lost on a deserted road in Alabama. Fortunately, they are near an old Victorian house in the backwoods of Alabama, occupied by a family of three and being used as an inn.
Haruka Mizuhara is the player behind the wavemaster Hokuto. All the naiveness is a guise so she could find out more about the mysterious Divine Spear of Wotan. The four PKK that were hunting Tsukasa are Long Arm, but were mistranslated as Heavy Axes in the novel.
Greek gods are posing as humans and pulling humanity's strings in this mosaic novel about time travel, alternate worlds, and the making of a president. The Time Rangers, Apollo's chosen servants, are in charge of preserving the peace and harmony along the Time Stream. Nonstop action keeps the story rolling from the 1950s to the present day.
George Stransom holds sacred the memory of the great love of his life, Mary Antrim, who died before they could be married. One day Stransom happens to read of the death of Acton Hague, a former friend who had done him a terrible harm. Stransom can never absolve Hague, so this knowledge splits them apart. When Stransom, now dying, visits his altar one last time, it seems thatMary Antrim is asking him to forgive.
The story was adapted during the 1990-1993 British TV series Jeeves and Wooster. At the time of writing there was bad blood between Wodehouse and fellow author A. A. Milne. The book included several satirical jibes aimed at Milne, for instance after Bertie agrees to recite Christopher Robin poems at the village concert.
L.A. is shocked when a woman attacks a priest. Doyle has a vision of a young mother and her son in danger at the docks. Cordelia's looking for a big-shot producer's missing wife. Angel must find the connections between the missing wife and recent events.
Doyle sees images of fear, fire, death, and an ornately engraved old amulet. Terri is a shy woman from a small town, and new to L.A. Meanwhile, Angel and his team are investigating a murderer who seems to be burning his victims beyond recognition.
Cordelia Chase has a vision of a child being attacked by a squidlike demon. Gunn is trying to rescue a young artist; the artist's studio is being attacked. Angel reveals that he and Darla were present at the party where Mary Shelley was inspired to write Frankenstein. They witnessed the event that gave Mary the initial idea.
Cordy's finally getting a big break-she will be a contestant on some "reality programming" She must spend five days and four nights in an apparently haunted house. In a vision on her first night, she sees one of the applicants who didn't make it to the show.
Wesley opens a strange package that arrives by special delivery. It instantly sends him into a slumber. It seems likely he is the victim of a spell. Cordy is struggling to research without Wes available. She soon begins to uncover a plot to plunge Earth into eternal darkness.
Lily Pierce is a motivational speaker who founded New Life Foundation. Cordy's not impressed with Lily's message, but she doesn't suspect Lily is holding a secret of epic proportions. Wolfram and Hart puzzlingly want Angel's help to stop the insanity, but is Lily's hope of a perfect world tempting to Angel?
Chaz Escobar, a game hunter, soon arrives at Angel Investigations looking for his wife Marianna, a vampire. He had hoped to cure her vampirism on a distant small island, but she escaped. When Faith's out of jail it seems she may fall into Marianna's claws. Angel's team and Chaz are off to the island to save her.
A desperate man arrives, chased by a demon. The gang kills the monster, which decomposes as soon as it dies. The man seems to have fallen victim to a stolen identity scam. He's been approached by a false Angel and is now distrustful of the real thing.
The characters of Angel Investigations are shocked to find themselves euphoric after a long night they cannot remember. Angel, however, finds his superhuman healing failing him. Unable to confide in his friends, Angel finds himself keeping secrets and collaborating with demons. If his friends go looking for another high in a battle of fearlessness, Angel is unsure if he can protect them.
Angel and Co. are enjoying some downtime at the karaoke bar Caritas when a loud explosion occurs. When the smoke clears, Fred has gone missing. It seems Fred has been kidnapped, so Team Angel questions everyone nearby. Around a dozen demons were direct eyewitnesses, but each one has a different story.
A series of perfect clones of members at Angel Investigations are lurking in the city, planning to kill the originals. Team Angel must find out where the replicas are coming from and why, before the murder spree hits the whole city. Thanks to Wesley's research, the gang realise that they are facing the 'Seven Sinners', dimension-jumping demons.
The widow Mildred Finster has been a fan of "cozy" mystery novels for years. At the age of seventy-one she decides she would like to become a real private detective. Team Angel is busy with its own personal problems, and has little time to deal with Mildred offering her services.
Angel Investigations is focusing on solving a case of a family who came to L.A. from Iowa. Angel realizes that the demon-hunters cannot tell the difference between a good demon and a bad one. None of them are safe from the crazy pack of do-gooders.
Huge monolith suddenly appears on Hollywood Boulevard. It has two demon faces carved into it. News stations assume it is a clever publicity stunt for a newly-released movie. Religious extremists worry that it might be a sign of the impending apocalypse. It soon becomes clear that Connor and Angel will have to work together for survival.
Fred has conflicted feelings about her past, and the life she might be able to lead independent of demons. One of Fred's old friends from graduate school contacts her for help at a big scientific facility. On the night they are supposed to meet, her friend is shot down, a seemingly innocent victim of a misdirected hit.
Wes has loved books since childhood. When a former colleague invites him to a secret auction of rare occult books, Wes immediately agrees. Wes buys a number of old books at the auction including one of the most famous books of magick, The Red Compendium, which is infamous for absorbing those who read it.
The novel is set on the planet Pandora which is famous for its animated biosphere. Humans have built a base on it that serves as a biological laboratory and a hunting resort. In the forest segment of the novel, Athos attempts to return to the base after living in a village in the middle of the forest.
Valeria Brinton marries Eustace Woodville despite objections from Woodville's family leading to disquiet for Valeria's own family and friends. Valeria sets out to save their happiness by proving her husband innocent of the crime. In her quest, she comes across the disabled character Miserrimus Dexter, a fascinating but mentally unstable genius.
A new vampire arrives in town who walks outside during the day and yet does not seem to be affected by the sun's rays. The vampire, called Solitaire, is here to challenge the Slayer. He wants to reassure himself that he can beat a Slayer in physical combat. At the same time a band called Vyxn arrives at the Bronze and plays for four nights straight. It is later discovered they are a group of ghouls that can seduce men at will through their voice.
The story revolves around the theft of two germ warfare agents, botulinum toxin and the indestructible "Satan Bug" There is no vaccine for the Satan Bug and it is so infectious that any release will rapidly destroy all human life on Earth. With these phials of unstoppable power, a mad "environmentalist" threatens the country's population unless Mordon is razed to the ground.
The plot concerns the title character, Aleksandr Ivanovich Luzhin. As his obsession with chess grows, he becomes socially detached and physically unhealthy. Things turn for the worse when he is pitted against Turati, a grandmaster from Italy, in a competition to determine who would face the current world champion.
Swallows and Amazons return to Wild Cat Island for their second summer holiday. Great Aunt Maria has come to stay, and she is a stickler for "proper" behaviour. Nancy and Peggy escape the Great Aunt and arrange a rendezvous, but on the way the Swallow hits Pike Rock and sinks. All are saved and the boat salvaged, but she needs repairing.
The story is set in the present day, with significant flashbacks to times beginning in the early 1970s. The protagonist is Ellen Fischer, a liberal senator from California. She is preparing for a difficult legislative battle over the conservative president's nomination of a deeply conservative female judge.
The story is set during the Second Sino-Japanese War. Japan has invaded China, and the Japanese attack the village where young Tien Pao and his family live. The family flees upriver in an abandoned sampan to the town of Hengyang.
The main character, also known as Zach Denton, is said to be a renowned scholar. In the post-war galaxy, ruined civilizations regain bygone greatness. Earth's cleaning ship reaches the planet, whose inhabitants rejected technology long ago. Not noticing them, the crew drops 50 autom-cleaners, self-conscious mechanisms consisting
George Dane is a writer whose life has grown too busy with his career and relationships. An expected breakfast guest appears and suddenly Dane is transported to a new environment. Dane spends three weeks at the place and tells a Brother of his former life and the mysterious breakfast guest. Back in his usual world, Dane is eventually awakened by his servant after eight hours' sleep.
The novel is transcribed by 'Michael Moorcock' in 1903. He befriends Oswald Bastable, an ex-soldier stowaway who is tormented by great guilt from an action he performed in his past. Bastable agrees to tell Moorcock the story, and begins his narrative with his experiences in North East India in 1902.
The novel is set in World War I and opens with a framing story in which a manuscript relating the main story is recovered from a thermos off the coast of Greenland. It purports to be the narrative of Bowen J. Tyler, an American passenger with his Airedale terrier Nobs on a ship sunk in the English Channel by a German U-boat. He is rescued by a British tugboat with another survivor, Lys La Rue.
The author documents the cultural forces which drive the violence and mayhem that, in his view, is characteristic of Arab societies. In tribal society, loyalty is extended to close kin and other members of the tribe. In the Arab world those who seek power achieve it by plotting secretly and ruthlessly eliminating their rivals.
George, the nephew of plantation owner Mrs. Peyton, returns from a trip to France to find that his aunt's plantation is in dire financial straits. Jacob McClosky, the man who ruined the late Judge Peyton, has come Zoe is an octoroon and is legally part of the Terrebonne property. Zoe and George reveal their love for each other but Zoe rejects George's marriage proposal.
The book follows the life of Simonides from the point of view of his older self. As a boy, silent and lacking confidence due to his extreme ugliness, he is brought up with strict discipline by his father, Leoprepes. He finds comfort in the love of his handsome older brother Theasides, and in music.
Barabbas is skeptical about the holiness of Jesus too. He seeks out the different followers of Jesus trying to understand, but finds that their exalted views of Jesus do not match his down to earth observation of the man. After many trials and tribulations he ends up in Rome where he mistakes the Great Fire of Rome as the start of the new Kingdom of Heaven.
Mamie Cutter is an American living in London. Her worthless but personable half-brother Scott Homer turns up at her apartment looking for a handout. Scott comes to Mamie's rescue by charming the snooty Lady Wantrigde into inviting Mrs. Medwin to one of her exclusive parties. Mamie collects her fee and Scott becomes an unexpected social success.
Mouse's conversations with Alice provide comic relief and exposition on the story's dark events. The intensity of her fixation with John F. Kennedy is evident in the long, familiar letters that she sends Tory breaks her leg in a field hockey accident and is sent home for the rest of the winter term. In Tory's absence, teacher's pet Ismay Thom moves into Mouse's dorm room.
Morris Gedge is a librarian at a dull provincial library in England that is "all granite, fog and female fiction" He gets a welcome offer to become the custodian of the Shakespeare house at Stratford-on-Avon. Gedge finally decides that if silliness is what's wanted, he'll supply it abundantly.
Princess Addie is fearful and shy. Princess Meryl is bold and brave. They are sisters, and they mean the world to each other. Bamarre also has specters, which lure travelers to their deaths unless exposed. sorcerers, ogres, dwarves, elves, gryphons, dragons, and fairies have not been seen since Drualt, Bamarre Addie travels to the Mulee forest to find a specter.
Aristocrat Timotheus von Bock criticises the way in which the Czar's family runs the country. Von Bock is imprisoned as a traitor for 9 years before being released into house arrest on the basis that he is 'mad' Was it madness to offer criticism which inevitably led to imprisonment? Is he mad not to flee his house arrest when the opportunity arises? These are some of the issues raised and discussed in this novel.
Here Be Dragons is the first of Penman's trilogy about the medieval princes of Gwynedd and the monarchs of England. England's King John uses his out-of-wedlock daughter Joanna as a negotiating tool by marrying her to the Welsh king Llewelyn to avoid war between England and Wales. Joanna gives birth to two legitimate children, Elen and Davydd.
The Sixth Doctor and his companion Peri are lured in the TARDIS to Blackpool, where they discover something wrong in the local videogame arcade. The Doctor's adversary the Celestial Toymaker is behind it, and the Doctor and Peri must fight their way through his videogames to defeat him.
The first book in this series begins with Imriel, at age 14, learning that his mother, Melisande Shahrizai has vanished from the Temple of the Asherat-of-the-Sea in La Sereniss When Imriel turns eighteen, many things change. The coldness is almost instantly replaced by an extremely intense, forbidden attraction.
Drustan met the Alban Princess Dorelei when he was eighteen. The novel begins with Imriel sitting down to read the letters that his mother, Melisande Shahrizai, has written him all these years. Eamonn arrives at court from Skaldia after winning the favor of his bride Brigitta's family.
This book is appropriate for the age group 8 or 9 to 13 or 14. The plot is about a young girl who who was found in a dung pile. She learns to be a midwife's appentice, and then soon learns how to be one herself.
A kingdom loses its heir to the throne and as per custom, requires that a new king be chosen at random by the royal elephant. The elephant wanders into the forest and decides to put the flower garland on the unsuspecting young lady. Soon, she is proclaimed the chief of the region and carried to the royal palace. The hero, meanwhile, is despondent after losing his wife and goes in search of her.
The novel's protagonist is Fyodor Ivanych Lavretsky, a nobleman who shares many traits with Turgenev. The child of a distant, Anglophile father and a serf mother who dies when he is very young, Lavretsy is brought up at his family's country estate home by a severe maiden aunt. While studying in Moscow, he spies a beautiful young woman at the opera and falls in love with her.
Sue Trinder is raised in 'a Fagin-like den of thieves' by her adoptive mother. She is sent to help Richard 'Gentleman' Rivers seduce a wealthy heiress. Posing as a maid Sue and Maud forge an unlikely friendship, which develops into a mutual physical passion. After a time, Sue realizes she has fallen in love with Maud.
The story concerns the life of a woman, Anne Desbaresdes, and her varying relationships with her child, the piano teacher Mademoiselle Giraud and Chauvin. The plot is initially the banal daily routine of a rich woman taking her son to piano lessons, and conversing with a working class man in a café. In the climactic 7th chapter, she returns home late and drunk to a dinner party, then causes a scandal whose consequences are seen in the final 8th chapter.
Nelson writes passionately about the need for people to understand computers deeply, more deeply than was generally promoted as computer literacy. His rallying cry "Down with Cybercrud" is against the centralization of computers such as that performed by IBM at the time. In Dream Machines, Nelson covers the flexible media potential of the computer.
Young Darren Shan has been fascinated by spiders from an early age. His best friend, Steve "Leopard" Leonard has grown up reading horror comics and stories about werewolves and vampires. Darren and Steve are mesmerized by the act of the mysterious Mr. Crepsley and his giant, deadly, poisonous spider, Madam Octa.
A small consignment of warriors go with Bran to a demon-besieged rath. Bran leads them to a crannóg, where everyone is dead except a druid. The druid tells them about a tunnel to Bec and Drust go on a journey with Lord Loss. During the journey, Bec begins to learn magic at a phenomenal rate.
The novel opens with Colonel Philippe Leroux and Captain Paul Delmas fleeing from the King's German Legion toward Sharpe's Light Company. Sharpe forms an instant dislike of Curtis who he thinks is sympathetic to the Sharpe is called to see Wellington who confirms that he has seen Leroux. Leroux disguises himself as a French soldier with a severe stomach wound.
The novel follows two initially separate narratives set in the United Kingdom and Eastern Europe. Conjoined twins Blair Albert and Gordon-Marie "Bunny" Heath struggle to cope with life in a post-globalisation and fully privatised London. Meanwhile, Ludmila Derev, an impoverished young woman living in the war-torn Southern Caucasus, leaves her mountain home to meet up with her boyfriend.
In the year 2194, in Zimbabwe, the Chief of Security, General Matsika, leads a battle against the many gangs which terrorize the nation. His three children, Tendai, Rita, and Kuda are kept in a fortified mansion to ensure their security. The siblings escape to Resthaven, an independent country within Zimbabwe which aims to retain traditional African culture. Eventually, the children are banished from Resthaven.
Hagarism is an attempt to reconstruct and present what they argue is a more historically accurate account of Islam's origins. Around 690 AD the movement shed its Judaic identity to morph into what would later become Arab. Early manuscripts suggest that Muhammad was the leader of a military expedition to conquer Jerusalem.
Psychologists have assumed that the non-genetic factor is the parental environment, the "nurture" Many twin studies have failed to find a strong connection between the home environment and personality. Even identical twins, who share the same genes, are not exactly alike, so inheritance is not the only determinant of personality.
The Turner Tomorrow Fellowship Award called for creative solutions to global problems. Quinn won the award with Ishmael but was left unsure, until now, about what he should write as a follow-up. Quinn details basic memories of his Depression-era childhood in Omaha, Nebraska. He asserts that the reader should feel needed because he or she is needed.
Anna is still living with her father and attending Beverly Hills High. Her friendship with Samantha Sharpe blossoms as the two work on a film project for their English class regarding the Great Gatsby. Ben is still pining after her for forgiveness, which she refuses. Ben concocted a story of a mystery celebrity friend who needed his help.
The novel begins with Ben and Anna in bed at the Montecinto Inn. Anna meets the young but charming co-executive producer Danny Bluestone who actually dreams of writing the Great American Novel. Cammie plots to sabotage Anna, who is somewhat enjoying her internship, despite the unfamiliar terms and erratic actors.
Back in Black finds the A-List crew in Las Vegas! They have decided to forgo the school sponsored trip to Washington D.C. The trip starts with a "tacky outfit" contest, suggested by who else than Cammie that ends in its own interesting way. During this whole adventure Anna is pining for Ben who is away at school.
Pippin IV explores the life of Pippin Héristal, an amateur astronomer suddenly proclaimed the king of France. Unknowingly appointed for the sole reason of giving the Communists a monarchy to revolt against. Unhappy with his lack of privacy, alteration of family life, uncomfortable housings at the Palace of Versailles.
Roy Straitley is looking forward to his 100th term at St Oswald's. Life at the school begins to suffer a gradual disintegration. A mysterious figure called "Mole" publishes in The novel is written using Harris' typical split-narrative technique. The first narrator is Straitley himself, and focuses on the day-to-day events. The second is marked by a Black Pawn.
In Lisbon, OGPU Colonel Irina Sedova, also known as 'Babuska' visits the Russian cell leader in Portugal. She soon realizes that he isn't the cell leader. She then finds a sheet of paper Bond goes after one of his classmates who is drunk and they get caught in an avalanche. He beats them, gives them back their money, and tells them to play with good grace. After saving himself and his classmate, Bond is hospitalised and hears a man
Rockets was ten years old when he first met Darby Crash, lead singer of LA punk band The Germs. He and Darby had a sexual relationship and Rockets, like many in the scene, looked up to Darby. After Darby's death Rockets continues to hang out in the local punk scene, but things are changing and he considers leaving LA.
Charlie Arglist has to get out of Wichita, Kansas, having stolen nearly a million dollars. In nine and a half hours, to be precise. He has various misadventures before he is killed accidentally after nearly escaping cleanly. It is Christmas Eve in Wichita and snowing steadily. The streets are deserted and traffic is light.
The novel, whose memorable opening line is "The child was wakened by the knotting of the snake's coils about his waist," portrays Alexander's complicated relationship with his father. The novel contains a controversial portrait of the Athenian orator Demosthenes, portraying him as arrogant, cowardly and vindictive.
The book deals with some of the interpretations of Mirza Ghulam Ahmad. It discusses the finality of prophethood, the prophethood of Ahmad, and its consequences in Muslim society. It also mentions the status of the Ahmadiyya Community and its political plans. In one of the appendices, a discussion between Allama Iqbal and Pandit Jawahar Lal Nehru is reproduced.
The novel centers upon the Ogata family of Kamakura, and its events are witnessed from the perspective of its patriarch, Shingo. The novel may be interpreted as a meditation upon aging and its attendant decline, and the coming to terms with one's mortality that is its hallmark. The natural world comes alive for him in a whole new way, provoking meditations on life, love, and companionship.
Jerry Spinelli's novel, Loser, takes place in a "small brick-and-hoagie town" in the United States. The book details the childhood of Donald Zinkoff, focusing on his life from the first through sixth grades. Even after being called "Loser", he goes on with life and remains happy, even though he doesn't have any friends.
Young Whortle longs to win the competition, but not if it means his friends are going to sabotage the other competitor's chances. He wants to win on his own merits, but soon realises winning isn't the most important thing as another mouse needs the prize more than he does.
Ogmund's Gift will be about the unruly nephew of Orfeo and Eldritch, two of the mystical bats in Deptford. Ogmund would rather be a mouse, but instead he must learn to harness his growing magical powers.  Ogmund's gift will be on BBC2 at 9pm on Wednesday, November 14.
The novel retells the story of Macbeth from the perspective of one of the witches, a young girl named Gilly. Posing as a kitchen worker, Gilly wants to carry out her plan to kill him, and soon becomes involved in many important events from the play.
White Plume Mountain is set in the World of Greyhawk, a campaign setting for Dungeons & Dragons. The earliest known inhabitant of the volcano is the druid Aegwareth, who is later slain by the evil wizard Keraptis. The adventure is a dungeon crawl, to rescue the magical weapons from Kerptis' lair.
The Forgotten Temple of Tharizdun is set in the World of Greyhawk. The player characters follow a band of marauding norkers from the caverns, discovering the temple along the way. During their exploration, the characters may reach chambers of the temple in which religious rituals were performed.
Aubrey Gilbert meets Roger Mifflin, the proprietor of "The Haunted Bookshop" He falls in love with the store's assistant, Titania Chapman. mysterious things begin happening at the bookshop. Gilbert suspects that a plot is afoot to kidnap Titania.
Mr. Green awakes to find that his girlfriend, Lara Morgan, has left their apartment. He battles a hangover to find a cryptic note left by her, dispensing little but a warning against entering certain "significant" doors. Mr. Green begins to realize what a dangerous man he has been indebted to.
Jerusha Abbott was brought up at the John Grier Home, an old-fashioned orphanage. At the age of 18, she has finished her education and is at loose ends. She is informed by the asylum's dour matron that one of the trustees has offered to pay her way through college. He will pay her tuition and also give her a generous monthly allowance.
The narrator, named André, ruminates on a number of Surrealist principles and ideologies, before ultimately commencing on a narrative account, generally linear, of his brief affair with the titular character Nadja. The narrator becomes obsessed with this woman with whom he, upon a chance encounter while walking through the street, strikes up conversation immediately.
Sir Gregory Parsloe-Parsloe has brought in a new and enormous pig from Kent. Lord Emsworth, his brother Galahad and butler Beach are in turmoil. Jerry Vail is forced to entertain his old flame Vosper and Gloria Salt, their old love revived.
The novel deals with teenager Vanya Smurov's attachment to his older, urbane mentor, Larion Stroop. Vanya is shocked to learn that the object of his admiration frequents a gay bathhouse. In the last part of the novel, Vanya and Stroop, who is also in Italy, are seen enjoying the smiling climate and stunning artworks.
Marnus Erasmus is an eleven-year-old boy who lives in the late sixties with his family in Cape Town, South Africa. Marnus grows up believing that black people are second class people due to having been indoctrinated by the apartheid system and his parents' views. The white population in South Africa descended from the British immigrants and the Boers.
The Swallows, Amazons and Ds are camping in the Blackett family's garden at Beckfoot. The Swallow is not available for sailing. James Turner has sent word that he is returning from an expedition to South America prospecting for gold, and has sent Timothy ahead. As he can be let loose in the study, they deduce that Timothy is an armadillo.
The Visitation is based on the life of Travis Jordan. The story follows the arrival of a man who calls himself Brandon Nichols. Nichols begins to hold "revival meetings" on a large ranch outside of town. The team uncover a host of pseudonyms and a hefty helping of deception.
Bertie returns to Brinkley Court to help Aunt Dahlia sell off her magazine Milady's Boudoir to the Liverpudlian Trotters. He avoids trouble in the shape of Florence Craye, her hulking beau Stilton Cheesewright and the equally fearsome Spode.
In the novel, set in the year 2007, the United States Military invades Turkey to gain control of its deposits of an important strategic resource, borax. The U.S. Government in the novel is led by a nameless President reminiscent of George W. Bush and portrayed as an Evangelical zealot. The novel also features then-current real-life political leaders at the helm of their respective nations.
Darren Shan is a vampire who lives in the town of Vampire Mountain. He and his friends Harkat and Mr. Crepsley go to investigate if Vampaneze have set up territories there. Darren is discovered by the police and forced to attend school. His English teacher is his old girlfriend Debbie.
At the opening of the novel, Han Solo, who from aboard the Mon Remonda has been prosecuting the search for this hidden fastness, wearily returns to the recently captured Coruscant expecting an end to the long separation between him and Leia. Han abandons his quest to win Leia's heart. He abducts her using the Gun of Command. He flees with her and Chewbacca aboard his recently refitted Millennium Falcon. Prince Isolder pursues him with
The play's first act finds three young couples engaging in party games like Twenty Questions. At the end of the act, after the mounting tension drives the guests to leave, Sam carries Jo up to bed. Suddenly, a glamorous older woman and her black companion appear. She asks the audience, "Are we in time? Is this the place?"
As the book begins, Skandranon Rashkae, the Black Gryphon, creeps into an enemy encampment. A Seer has warned Urtho of a new, magical weapon that has caused the capture of one Zh Aubri is an old gryphon from the sixth wing.
Set in a post World War II Japan, the protagonist, Kikuji, has been orphaned by the death of his mother and father. He becomes involved with one of the former mistresses of his father, Mrs Ota, who commits suicide seemingly for the shame she associates with the affair. The ending is ambiguous where the reader is not sure whether Fumiko has committed suicide like her mother.
Missouri is a nuclear wasteland after leakage of stored radioactive waste, off limits to all but the very rich. Eight of them, referred to as 'Owners', visit this O-Zone as their personal playground. Some come to the disturbing realizations that the life-forms outside of their walled in cities, assumed to be just 'things', seem as human as the Owners themselves.
The first part is taken up with various debutante balls in the early summer of 1928/9. Jenkins spends weekends in the country and lunches at Stourwater, home of magnate Sir Magnus Donners. Widmerpool, who now works for Donners, later manages to wreck one of his master's ornamental urns.
Myra Schoonmaker is in durance vile at Blandings Castle. Her London season has been cut short by Connie to put a stop to Myra's unfortunate entanglement with impoverished East End curate Bill Bailey. Uncle Fred, an old friend of Myra and her father, takes to Bailey from the off. The Church Lads trick Emsworth into diving into the lake to rescue one of their number.
Marcel yearns for the hills of the Provence. His wish is granted when they return for the Christmas holiday. Marcel then tells of an encounter with a girl, Isabelle. The film jumps 10 years to the future, telling of the death of Marcel's mother.
The book begins with Arthur Penhaligon and Leaf attempting to return to Earth after their adventures in the Border Sea. While Leaf is able to pass through the front door, the presence of a Nithling duplicate of Arthur prevents him from doing so. Moments later, he is drafted into the Glorious Army of the Architect - wherein everyone living in the House must serve for 100 years - which is based in the chessboard-like demesne called the Great Maze.
The book details the creation and use of apergy, a form of anti-gravitational energy, and details a flight to Mars in 1830. The planet is inhabited by diminutive beings; they are convinced that life does not exist elsewhere than on their world. The book's narrator names his spacecraft the "Astronaut"
The novel follows Menolly, now apprenticed into the Harper Hall, a type of music conservatory for harpers and other music professionals. The story begins within hours of the final events of Dragonsong, rounding out the tale of Menolly's coming of age.
The novel is about an expedition to rescue castaways on the Antarctic island of Caprona. The tropical interior, known to its inhabitants as Caspak, is home to prehistoric fauna of all eras. Bowen J. Tyler, Lys La Rue, and the other castaways are rescued by the Toreador.
The book follows two seemingly separate stories. A 12-year-old boy, Hans-Thomas, and his father are driving through Europe on a journey to locate and bring home the boy's estranged mother. Whilst on their journey, a strange little bearded man gives him a magnifying glass, saying mystically: "You'll need it!". Not long afterwards, Hans Thomas gets a giant sticky bun from a kind baker to eat on his journey. hidden inside the sticky bun is a tiny book, with writing so small it cannot be read with the naked eye. The story then alternates between Hans Thomas' journey and the story in the sticky Bun book. The cards' predictions as told in the tiny book begin to reveal details about Hans Thomas's own plight to find his mother.
Matthew Hallowell and his father build a wooden cabin in Maine in 1768. Matt's father must head back to Quincy, Massachusetts, to get Matt's mother, sister, and newborn baby. Matt raids a honeybee hive for honey and is attacked by the furious bees. Ironically, the native Indians he has Matt is stung by an insect.
Kerbouchard is forced to flee his birthplace on the windswept coast of Brittany to escape the Baron de Tournemine, who killed his mother. He looks for passage on a ship and, although forced to serve Mathurin and Safia, takes up with a merchant caravan and travel by land across Europe. Reaching Brittany, the caravan tempts a raid from the Baron of the Mountain, who kills Kerbouchedard. Mathur in must go on
Clara Hoyt is the heroine of the book. Born in New York in 1917, she is encouraged by her ambitious mother to marry "a great man" Clara soon becomes a household name as a trendy journalist. In the final scene of the novel, set in 1961, Clara is on the phone with John F. Kennedy.
Bond's Bank, which Mike Bond inherited from his over-enthusiastically philanthropist uncle Horace, is insolvent. With the examiners due shortly and no solution in sight, Mike faces the prospect of a stretch in the clink for not revealing this earlier. If the criminal mastermind Appleby had known this, he probably wouldn't have insinuated his way into the temporary butler vacancy.
Gally Emsworth is called in by the Duke of Dunstable to help him with a mental illness. The Duke's low opinion of Ems Vanessa Polk, having spotted him for a crook, persuades Chesney to help her steal the painting. Gally hears from Linda that her engagement to Halliday is no more.
Movie mogul Ivor Llewellyn and his lawyer Ephraim Trout find the idea of a support group for bachelors appealing. The members can watch each other's backs, keeping them safe from roving females. With spring in the air, however, romance is never far behind.
Galahad Threepwood uses his charm and wit to ensure his brother Clarence continues to lead a quiet and peaceful life. The story is, as the poignant name suggests, another tale set at Blandings Castle, filled as ever with romance and imposters.
Zack Freeman's bum is constantly detaching itself from his body and running off. One night, when he follows his bum, he learns that there is a plot by bums to take over the world. The bums plan to create a huge, worldwide fart by building up a massive quantity of methane gas in the "Bumcano"
The book attacked the use of investment funds to promote the consolidation of various industries under the control of a small number of corporations. Brandeis harshly criticized investment bankers who controlled large amounts of money deposited in their banks by middle-class people. He extensively cited testimony from a Congressional investigation performed by the Pujo Committee into self-serving and monopolistic business dealing.
The book takes place millennia in the future with the same group of explorers introduced in the first two books of the series, Summertide and Divergence. After millions of years of apparent inaction, the Builder artifacts are changing quickly. After exploring several new artifacts, rediscovering the existence of a race thought to be dead for millennia, the adventures of this eclectic team become even stranger.
Jadine is a beautiful Sorbonne graduate and fashion model who has been sponsored into wealth and privilege by the Streets. Son is an impoverished, strong-minded man who washes up at the Streets' estate on a Caribbean island. The struggle of Jadine and Son reveals the pain, struggle, and compromises confronting Black Americans.
Greatheart Silver is the thirty-year-old first mate on Acme Zeppelin 8. He is the sole survivor of an attack by the Mad Fokker, an air pirate and World War I veteran who was mothballed by the United States government because it could not undo his mental conditioning.
Omar has become sick of life and has effectively given up working. As his malady grows he becomes more distant from his wife Zeinab. He tries to escape his condition through love. One dawn he is out near the pyramids and he feels a momentary joy, which connects him to all life. But he soon feels the illness again.
Rachel Marsh helps a young British Private, Matthew Kilroy, and continues to help him even after he is sent to jail for murder. During the cold winter in Boston, she sneaks food from the dinner table to Matthew. In the center of Boston there were massive riots against the British soldiers, guns are being fired and people are being killed.
The story follows the fortunes of a late nineteenth century Englishman identified only as Graham. He falls into a strange "trance" in 1897, due to his dabbling in drugs to cure a prolonged and serious insomnia. He is captured by the White Council and taken to London. There he meets the brother of Ostrog, the leader of the revolt.
The book starts off during the second American Civil War between the Islamic States and the seceding Bible Belt. Flash forward to the Super Bowl in 2042 in Seattle, the capitol of the new Islamic Republic. The nation's culture is a fusion of traditional American and Islamic.
The book is set in the non fictional town of Ramsa, New York, and centers around teenager Jessica Ashley Allodola. Jessica is gorgeous and has a perfect body, but the people in her town avoid her. Instead of trying to bond to people, Jessica writes books about vampires and witches.
The book is set in Acton, Massachusetts, the neighboring town to the author's hometown of Concord. It follows the story of Sarah Tigress Vida, youngest daughter in a long line of vampire-hunting witches. Sarah finds that she may have to re-think her attitude and her whole world view.
Turquoise Draka is now a hunter, committed to no higher purpose than making money and staying alive. Her current assignment: to assassinate Jeshickah, one of the cruelest vampires in history. Her major obstacle: she'll have to mask her strength and enter Midnight, a fabled Vampire realm, as a human slave.
The star of the book is Jack of Jack and the Beanstalk, who tells the stories and deals with the rest of the cast. There's a very annoying Little Red Hen - a parody of the fairy tale of the same name. Also in the book are "The Princess and the Bowling Ball", "The Other Frog Prince", and "The Really Ugly Duckling"
In The Emigrants Sebald's narrator recounts his involvement with and the life stories of four different characters, all of whom are German emigrants. The text includes many black and white, unlabeled photographs and strays sharply from general formats of plot and narrative. Dr. Henry Selwyn is the estranged husband of the landlady, who fought in the First World War and has a propensity for gardening and tending to animals. Paul Bereyter was the narrator's childhood teacher in a town referenced in the text only as "S"
Bobby arrives on Quillan in the flume, straight from Zadaa. He is promptly attacked by quigs, Saint Dane's assassins. After being chased by, and escaping from robot policemen called dados, he finds himself in the middle of a city he later finds out to be called Rune. Bobby soon realizes that the bright red shirt he is wearing sets him apart as a challenger.
The Deed of Paksenarrion was written as one long story, but published as three separate books. It takes place in a fictional medieval world of kingdoms of humans, dwarves, gnomes and elves. The story begins by introducing Paks as a headstrong girl of 18, who leaves her home in Three Firs to join a mercenary company.
The story tells how the people of the fictional planet Pern discover the special abilities of the watch-whers or whers. Subsequently, these beasts are used in mines to warn miners of gas pockets and also to locate stranded miners. The story begins some years before the 3rd Pass in Camp Natalon, a mining camp.
At the beginning of the novel Bink is facing imminent exile from the magical land of Xanth for his lack of a magic talent. In the hopes of discovering his talent Bink sets out to see the Good Magician Humfrey. Wynne and Dee are actually different aspects of the same woman, Chameleon. Her intelligence and beauty vary inversely according to the time of the month.
Xanth's King Trent has left for drear Mundania, leaving Dor to practice governing the magical kingdom of Xanth. After three weeks, Dor gathers his gang and decides to go on a quest to help rescue Trent from what is surely a horrible fate. This mission leads them to Centaur Isle, to find an unknown Centaur Magician.
Smash the half-ogre travels to the Good Magician Humfrey seeking to solve a vague dissatisfaction about himself. On their travels, Smash and Tandy blunder into an Eye Queue vine, which embeds itself into Smash. Smash conquers the Night Stallion's challenges and wins back his soul. He realizes his human side and falls in love with Tandy.
In this book, the forget spell is beginning to disintegrate into "forget whorls" spinning off into the nearby forest th), causing confusion and memory loss. Ivy ends up walking through a forget whirl and it causes her to forget how to get home. In Castle Roogna, Dor accidentally put a forget spell on the Gap Chasm.
Princess Ivy asks one of Castle Roogna's ghosts to tell her how he became a ghost. The ghost, known as Jordan the Barbarian when he was alive 400 years ago, begins his story by recounting how he set off on an adventure with his horse Pook. Jordan had the magical talent of self-healing which came in handy as he was cut, stabbed, and dismembered during his travels.
Esk meets Chex, the winged centaur daughter of Xap Hippogryph and Chem Centaur. Chex is unable to fly due to her solid equine weight. The team discovers that Chex can make items temporarily light when she flicks them with her tail, which provides a solution to her problem of how to fly.
Prince Dolph is the son of King Dor and Queen Irene. He has the powerful talent of being able to shapeshift, giving him the power to change into any animal he chooses. Dolph remains betrothed to each girl even though the King and Queen do not believe in it.
Princess Ivy sets off with her younger brother's co-fiancees to retrieve the magic mirror that had been stolen by the evil machine Com-Pewter. Meanwhile in Mundania, an average college boy named Grey Murphy runs a computer program that claims that it will help him meet women.
The book begins in mid-crisis: Che Centaur has been foalnapped. Jenny Elf, wandering in a myopic haze through the World of Two Moons with her cat Sammy, accidentally stumbles through a giant hole between dimensions. Jenny eventually discovers Che being held hostage by a group of goblins, and her attempt to rescue him results in them both being captured by another band of goblins.
Dug, a Mundane, is transported in to the magic land of Xanth when he plays a computer game introduced to him by his friend for a bet. The game consists of the player having a companion, who is usually a well known Xanth character, and being led through the magical world. The catch with the companions is that there is a chance that your companion is false, meaning that at the point where you might finally win, the companion will cause your ultimate downfall.
Gloha Goblin-Harpy is searching for love. She asks the Magician Humfrey where she can find it. He tells her to ask his second son Crombie the Soldier. Gloha goes on a quest for love, accompanied by Magician Trent and Cynthia, a winged centaur filly.
One year after the events of Geis of the Gargoyle, Demoness Metria finds that the stork will not acknowledge her summons. Metria is then given a task by the Simurgh: Deliver a bag's worth of summons to their respective citizens of Xanth to hold a trial for Roxanne Roc.
Dug, the Mundane who had had an adventure in Xanth through the Companions of Xanth computer game, is now happily married to Kim. His friend Edsel on the other hand is on the rock with his marriage to Pia, Dug's old girlfriend, who wants a divorce. Edsel, not wanting to lose her strikes a deal with her, they take a two week vacation in XAnth, switching with Nimby and Chlorine.
Becka is a crossbreed - the daughter of Draco Dragon and a lovely human woman who met, by chance, at a Love Spring. She journeyed to the Good Magician Humfrey to discover her true purpose in life. The Magician told her that a great Destiny awaited her, one that would affect the future of all of Xanth.
In the magical land of Xanth, wishes are far more than mere words. When a Plain Jane called Cube whispers a wistful wish to be beautiful, she finds herself leading a company of colorful companions on a search for the mysterious Cube Route. This curious quest takes them all over Xanth and into the mythical realm of Phaze, and even to our own world.
Surprise summons the stork with Umlaut, only to discover with dismay that the Stork refuses to deliver her baby due to a clerical error. Off on an adventure to find her child, she seeks the aid of Pyra, who wields a tool that can find, and enter, alternate realities.
Air Apparent includes a character known as a Debra who is a 13-year-old girl who is constantly pressured to take off her bra. Piers Anthony has stated that the book is set as a murder mystery. It has, typical for Xanth books, many puns. Readers also get a better understanding of the nature of Ida's moons.
First part of the series begins in 1497 and ends in 1536. Takes place between the defeat of the Danish army at Dithmarschen in 1500 and the fall of the king in 1523. The third and last part opens twelve years after, at the time of the Count's Feud.
Blair Maynard, a divorced journalist in New York City, decides to write a story about the unexplained disappearance of yachts and other small boats in the Caribbean. He has weekend custody of his preteen son Justin, and decides to mix a vacation with work, taking his son along. They fly from Miami to the Turks and Caicos island chain but, while on fishing trip, are captured by a band of pirates.
The Shape of Things to Come was written as a future history, seen in retrospect it can be considered as an alternate history diverging from ours in late 1933 or early 1934. Wells predicted a Second World War breaking out with a European conflagration from the flashpoint of a violent clash between Germans and Poles at Danzig. The book displays one of the earliest uses of the C.E. calendar abbreviation, which was used by Wells in lieu of the traditional A.D.
The plot revolves around sixteen-year-old Barbara MacLane, a girl grappling with disappointing romantic prospects. Barbara's feeling of being left in the dust by her sister only intensifies when Rosemary calls home and announces quite suddenly that she is getting married. At Rosemary's wedding, the sisters' grandmother offers Barbara a bit of advice: "Have a good time while you are young"
Red Flower Society is a secret society that aims to overthrow the Manchu-led Qing Dynasty and restore Han Chinese rule in China. The story's development is mostly based on the society's repeated attempts to rescue Wen Tailai. The couples Xu Tianhong and Zhou Qi, Yu Yutong and Li Yuanzhi, are married after two lengthy subplots.
Otis Spofford is a young boy with a promensity for causing trouble. He does not have any close friends and his classmates are reluctant to form close bonds with him. The book is also about how Otis torments his classmate, Ellen Tebbits. Each chapter revolves around a prank of Otis's, which often backfires.
The story hinges on the efforts of community leader Tomsson Black to stir up racial tension in Harlem in order to force a radical change in race relations. The story differs somewhat from the other volumes of the cycle in being less a detective story and more a surrealistic tale of a racial apocalypse in America.
Nat Field is recruited by Arby, whose real name is Richard Babbage. Arby is a producer intent on a reenactment of the Globe Theatre in London reproducing Shakespeare's plays the way they were 400 years ago. Nat acts as an aerial sprite, Puck, from Midsummer Night's Dream. He suddenly falls ill and is taken to the hospital with fear of having the bubonic plague. He wakes up in a different room with a boy talking to him in a heavy Elizabethan accent.
Shan Frankland is infected by monitoring the human communications. She seeks out Chayyas, the head Matriarch, to ensure Aras' safety. Lindsay Neville is still being torn apart inside from her son's death. Eddie Michallat is finding it difficult, impossible even to stay an objective journalist.
The Wess'Har scouts have discovered the body of Shan Frankland. She has been floating, frozen in the depths of space for months. Shan is filling out and getting stronger thanks to the care of Ade and Aras. She finds that she has feelings for both men. The World Before has come.
Ray Kinsella is obsessed with the beauty and history of American baseball. When he hears a voice telling him to build a baseball field in the midst of his corn crop in order to give his hero a chance at redemption, he blindly follows instructions. The field becomes a conduit to the spirits of baseball legends.
Alisa allows Igor to choose the site of the battle: off-shore, in the sea. Alisa chooses not to fight back, allowing Igor to magically push her under the water and drown her. She calls Zabulon for The first scene of this story forms the basis for the opening of the film Night Watch. In the movie, it is Anton who goes to the same witch to have her kill what he thinks is his wife's child.
Eunice is taken on as a housekeeper by a family of four. She has kept her illiteracy a secret and is obsessed by continuing to keep it so. Unknown to her new employers, she has already murdered the father for whom she had been caring. Her inability to adapt to her place in society is masked by the cunning with which she conceals the truth.
Bank manager Alan Groombridge is bored with his tedious career and dull home life. He dreams of one day stealing enough money from his employers so he can afford himself total freedom for a single year. However, the dream soon turns sour when the consequences of his reckless actions begin to take hold.
Giovanni, recently returned from university study in Bologna, has developed an incestuous passion for his sister Annabella. Hippolita, a past lover of Soranzo, verbally attacks him, furious with him for letting her send her husband Richardetto on a dangerous journey she believed would result in his death.
The story begins with Des Grieux attending a concert with his mother. He experiences strange and suggestive visions during one piano performance - by the beautiful Hungarian Teleny. Eventually they meet and share their experiences of their unexplained bond which quickly leads to a passionate affair. Their love continues through a blackmailing attempt and their emotional struggles.
This unusual biography traces the life of Flush from his carefree existence in the country, to his adoption by Ms. Browning and his travails in London, leading up to his final days in a bucolic Italy. Woolf ostensibly uses theLife of a dog as pointed social criticism, ranging across topics from feminism and environmentalism to class conflict.
Miriam Willard is kidnapped from Number Four, a fort in Charlestown. Miriam and her family are forced to march north by their Indian captors. After many months the Indian tribe's Sachem decides to sell his English captives to Miriam meets the prominent Du Quesne family.
Pharaun and Ryld learn of an uprising among the lower class creatures led by a mysterious prophet, and decide to pretend that they support the elopers. They kill a group of Drow to prove their "dedication" to the cause and are reluctantly taken in. They learn that the mastermind behind the rebellion is an evil illithid lich.
Arturo Bandini is a struggling writer living in a residential hotel in Bunker Hill, a rundown section of Downtown Los Angeles. His published short story "The Little Dog Laughed" impresses no one in his seedy boarding house except for one 14-year-old girl. Destitute, he wanders into the Columbia Buffet where he meets Camilla Lopez, a waitress.
Desmond Morris, the author, said his book was intended to popularise and demystify science. The book was so named because out of 193 species of monkeys and apes only man is not covered in hair. Morris attempted to frame human behavior in the context of evolution, but his explanations failed to convince academics because they were based on a teleological understanding of evolution.
Julie is sent to live with her Aunt Cordelia after her mother dies. The story follows Julie from the age of seven to seventeen, from elementary school through her high school graduation. It documents the ordinary events in the life of a child, including first love, cruelty of children, jealousy, and struggles with schoolwork.
The main storyline focuses on Sandy's "awakening to the sad and the beautiful realities of black life in a small Kansas town" The major intent of the novel is to portray Sandy's life as he tries to be the best he can be, aspiring to folks like W. E. B. Du Bois and Booker T. Washington.
The wife of politician David Stratton is away in San Francisco, visiting relatives there. Stratton comes home one night but not to an empty house -- a young woman, Jody, is waiting inside. Jody has just busted out of a juvenile detention home, where she stabbed a matron and started a fire.
The book chronicles the life of gangster Jack 'Legs' Diamond. It is told from the perspective of Jack's lawyer, Marcus Gormen. Kennedy is able to elicit sympathy for the criminal, transposing this sympathy into the context of America during the 1920s and 30s.
Ambergris, named for "the most secret and valued part of the whale," is a fantastical urban milieu, explicitly modern and apparently pre-industrial. The inhabitants of Ambergris enjoy a fascination with squid, and celebrate an anarchic annual Festival of the Freshwater Squid.
Texar and Burbank are bitter enemies, Burbank's northern view of slavery as an evil being an unpopular stance with Texar and the rest of the community, deep in the Confederate States of America. Texar is angry at Burbank for past legal troubles Burbank has brought upon Texar. Using this newfound power, Texar leads a mob that destroys the Burbank plantation, known as Camdless Bay.
If Nobody Speaks of Remarkable Things is a novel about a single day. It is written in the third person by an omniscient third person narrator. The novel is set in an unnamed English street and moves from one character to another over the course of a day. A young woman narrates in the first person and covers several days.
A wealthy amateur scholar hires sexagenarian private investigator Howard to investigate the gods Baal, Ashtoroth and Moloch. The gods were worshipped for centuries in Israel during a period of antiquity when the God of Abraham had fallen into disfavor. Howard turns to a psychic for help, who using a Tarot card reading, sets Howard on a path which leads him to a young boy named Tim.
The book opens with a prologue addressed directly to "The Reader," informing the reader of the fictional basis of the novel. The novel focuses on George Smith, an American soldier, transferred to the military psychiatric clinic, where Dr. Philip Outerbridge works. Outerbridge believes Smith to be a non-supernatural vampire who drinks blood at times of emotional crisis.
The story centers around one day when the older daughter, Dee, visits from college after time away. The struggle reflects the characters' contrasting ideas about their heritage and identity. Throughout the story Dee goes back and forth on being proud and rejecting her heritage. The story is narrated by the mother.
In dealing with genetic memory, Pavlou has drawn on the nature of lineage and self. Several characters all stem from the same source, and so as their memories become unlocked each identify with being the same person at a distant point in history. The novel is further complicated in that it is told backwards, using a Police procedural as the structure.
The book relates the outdoor adventures and play of two families of children. These involve sailing, camping, fishing exploration and piracy. The story, set in August 1929, includes a good deal of everyday Lakeland life from farmers to charcoal burners working in the woods. corned beef, which the children fancifully refer to as pemmican, and ginger beer and lemonade, which they call grog, appear as regular food stuff for the campers.
The main protagonist is referred to in the story as Kochan. Being raised during Japan's era of right-wing militarism and Imperialism, he struggles from a very early age to fit into society. Like Mishima, Kochan was born with a less-than-ideal body in terms of physical fitness and robustness.
The plot of Murphy follows an eponymous "seedy solipsist" who, urged to find a job by his lover Celia Kelly, begins work as a male nurse at the Magdalen Mental Mercyseat in north London. Murphy is an example of Beckett's fascination with the artistic and metaphorical possibilities of chess.
In the small town of Little Wesley, intellectual publisher Victor Van Allen decides to discourage his wife Melinda's many lovers by hinting to them that he may have killed her previous beau, Malcolm McRae. However, the game turns sour when strangers begin to grow wary of him, thus denting his social esteem.
The Lake of Souls takes place right after Killers of the Dawn. Debbie Hemlock and Police Chief Alice Burgess want to start an army to combat the Vampets. Darren finds that the panther's teeth have been marked with letters. No matter who wins the War of the Scars, either Darren or Steve would become the Lord of the Shadows.
The book centers on two different kinds of shapeshifters: the avians and the serpiente. The two groups have been at war beyond living memory, so that nobody even remembers how the fighting started. The book takes place in roughly 705 BCE and is the romantic story of Danica Shardae, the heir to the Tuuli Thea.
Aerlith is a planet of rocks and wilderness orbiting a distant star known as Skene. The grephs have humans whom they have bred, just as the men of Aerlith have bred their dragons. A spaceship appears and abducts as many humans as can be caught.
Earth's out-of-touch policies cause it to begin losing control of its more distant stations and worlds. This leads to the prolonged Company War with the breakaway Union. The flood of unexpected refugees strains station resources. The last ten surviving Fleet ships gather for the most critical operation of the war.
Dave Lister wakes in a transport ship taking him to prison colony Cyberia. He has been found guilty of serious crimes against the GELF state. Lister meets Michael McGruder who was kept in deep sleep aboard the Mayflower. McGruder tells Lister that he wants to meet his hero, Rimmer.
Yoda receives a message from Count Dooku, inviting him to a truce. Yoda decides to send a decoy impersonating himself to a different planet, while he secretly slips off to Vjun. The two masters engage in a tense debate about the ways of the Force. In the end, Yoda encourages his former apprentice to leave the dark side and Darth Sidious forever.
Ebenezer was born in the late nineteenth century, and dies in the early 1960s. He never married, despite a few flings with local girls, and a tempestuous relationship with Liza Queripel of Pleinmont. He only left the island once, to travel to Jersey to watch the Muratti.
Set in the new town of Moonlea, a fictionalised version of Merthyr Tydfil, it is told from the viewpoint of a travelling harpist, Alan Hugh Leigh. He is looking for his friend, the singer John Simon Adams, who has become a populist leader among the ironworkers.
In The Country and the City, Raymond Williams analyzes images of the country and the city in English literature since the 16th century. Williams debunks the notion of rural life as simple, natural, and unadulterated. The city, on the other hand, is depicted in English novels as a symbol of capitalist production.
In New York City, a series of murders begin. In Washington, a plot is at work to bring the nation of Japan to its knees. In Tokyo, a power struggle is nearing its final stages for control of the Black Blade Society. The ostensibly political cabal may encompass far more than politicis.
The story of the squabble is just half the work. The other half is a "subjoined" key to the allegory and two other letters. And "subjoining" a key, which is in the end no key at all, represents, literary speaking, a "scandal"
The book narrates the adventures of Huma Dragonbane, a Knight of the Crown. Huma is struck in a battle and loses consciousness. He awakens in an infirmary being tended by a woman who introduces herself as Gwyneth. Gwyeneth tells Huma that he will face challenges before he can claim the prize that he has come for.
Moist von Lipwig is bored with his job as the Postmaster General of the Ankh-Morpork Post Office. When the current chairwoman, Topsy Lavish, dies, she leaves 50% of the shares in the bank to her dog, Mr Fusspot. With no alternatives, Moist takes over the bank and finds out that people do not trust banks much.
The Kindness of Women is semi-autobiographical, and discusses Jim's departure from China, where he had been born and had been interned. Jim is obsessed with two themes throughout the book: sex, and death. Sexual encounters are described in the most clinical, cold terms.
The story takes place on Nam Chorios, a backwater world in the Outer Rim. Luke Skywalker is there after receiving a message from Callista, an old flame. Leia Organa Solo unofficially goes on a trip to meet with Seti Ashgad, the leader of the Rationalist Party.
MedStar II: Jedi Healer is about Jos Vondar, a medical doctor on the planet Drongar. The story takes place 2 years after the Battle of Geonosis. Despite the all-enveloping armor and superior genetic pedigree, the soldiers of the Republic are still flesh and blood.
Stephen Wheatley, an elderly man, reminisces about his life during the Second World War as he wanders down the now modernised London cul-de-sac. Now a young boy, Stephen is regularly bullied at school and bored 'X' is another secret agent that Mrs. Hayward has meetings with each month. One day the boys realise that Keith's mother does not turn right into the town every day, but instead turns left into a grimy tunnel.
Joanna and Deborah try to break into the online records of Wingate Clinic, but are met with failure. They then decide to get the inside information by first getting in posing as prospective employees. They use Social Security Number of recently deceased women to forge their identity and get employed in the clinic.
For the first seven chapters, Queen of the Martian Catacombs and The Secret of Sinharat are almost word-for-word identical. In Chapter 5, an explicit reference to the events of Brackett's story The Beast Stark accuses Kynon of an elaborate charade in which the boy was coached in his part.
Human Punk is the story of Joe, a 16-year-old punk from Slough, England. The book is set against a soundtrack of Clash, Sex Pistols, X-Ray Spex, Ruts and Ramones records. The second part of the book takes place in 1988 and finds Joe in China.
Tim Purdom is born in 1937 in a small village on the Kentish coast. He is the illegitimate son of a young woman who dies in her early forties. After her death in 1959 he decides to move to London as he does not have any sense of belonging to his home town.
Parable of the Sower centers on a young woman named Lauren Olamina who possesses hyperempathy. She develops a benign philosophical and religious system during her childhood in the remnants of a gated community in Los Angeles. When the community's security is compromised, her home is destroyed and her family murdered. She travels north with some survivors to try to start a community where her religion, called Earthseed, can grow.
Parable of the Talents tells the story of how, as the U.S. continues to fall apart, the protagonist's community is attacked and taken over by religious fanatics. The novel is a harsh indictment of religious fundamentalism, and has been compared in that respect to Margaret Atwood's The Handmaid's Tale.
Journalist Shannon Michaels systematically murders the people who ruined his career. New York City homicide detective Tommy O'Malley is charged with solving the murders. He is competing with Michaels for the heart of Ashley Van Buren, a blond, sexy aristocrat turned crime columnist. Michaels dies in extreme agony, as his contacts burn into his eyes and a chunk of the car crushes his head in.
Gemma and Alice have been best friends since birth. They have a bond that is unbreakable and every year on their birthday they share the same wish: We wish we stay friends forever and ever and ever. Everything seems ruined when Alice's father gets a new job hundreds of miles away and the whole family has to move.
Private investigator Philip Marlowe is called to the house of wealthy widow Elizabeth Bright Murdock to recover a missing Brasher Doubloon. Mrs. Murdock suspects her son's estranged wife Linda Conquest, a former singer, of stealing the coin. MarlowE learns that Linda Conquest had two friends: Lois Magic and a Mr. Vannier; Magic is now Mrs. Alex Morny.
Seemin Shah, hailing from an upper-middle-class family, falls in love with her handsome class fellow Aftab in the MA Sociology class at Government College Lahore. Though he also loves her, he can not rise above his family values and succumbs to his parent's pressure to marry someone against his wishes.
The book begins with a long poem, full of erotic imagery and near-incoherent description. Following this is a prose version of the story that we learn is written by a young woman who is a semi-successful opera singer. Her character and the pseudonym Anna G. might draw on examples of real case studies , but the novel is indeed fictional.
Outland mercenary Eric John Stark and his companion Camar are travelling in the wilderness that surrounds the northern polar cap of Mars. Camar has been mortally wounded in a guerrilla campaign and wants to return home before he dies. Stark is approached by the riders of Mekh, a barbarian tribe that lives in the hills between him and Kushat. Examining the talisman, he receives visions of a tower, a city in the ice, and a Stark is captured by Ciar
Kevin Parson, a 28-year-old seminary student, has his life turned upside-down when a killer named Richard Slater decides to stalk him. If he can "confess his sin", Slater will stop killing. Kevin is shown as being a purely innocent character with no idea why anyone would want to hurt him.
The story follows an ancient feud between two frontier families that is inflamed when one of the families takes up cattle rustling. The ranchers are led by Jean Isbel and, on the other side, Lee Jorth and his band of cattle rustlers. In the grip of a relentless code of loyalty to their own people, they fight the war of the Tonto Basin.
The Callum children spend their Easter Holidays in Norfolk with a family friend, Mrs Barrable. They encounter the Coot Club, a gang of local children comprising Tom Dudgeon, twin girls 'Port' and 'Starboard' and three younger boys - Joe, Bill and Pete. A noisy and inconsiderate party of city-dwellers hire the motor cruiser Margoletta and threaten an important nesting site.
Moomintroll and his friend Sniff go into the forest and find a mysterious path. They follow it and meet the Silk Monkey. They go pearl fishing, and then discover a cave. However, they get scared when they visit the cave later and see a comet drawn with the pearls. They sail to the observatory in the Lonely Mountains.
Moomintroll, Sniff and Snufkin discover the Hobgoblin's Hat on a mountain-top. An egg shell discarded into the hat becomes five clouds the children ride and play with. The Moomin Family travel to the Island of the Hattifatteners on a found boat. Thingumy and Bob arrive clutching a suitcase containing the King's Ruby.
A nearby volcano causes a massive wave to flood Moominvalley. While escaping the flood the Moomins find a building floating past. They believe it is a deserted house until they realise someone else lives there, Emma. The theatre drifts aground and Moomintroll and the Snork Maiden decide to go and sleep in a tree.
The world is controlled by the US/UN, a sort of semi-benign meta-dictatorship which doesn't rule directly so much as enforce a series of basic laws on a vast number of microstates. Many of the microstates are in a near-constant state of low-intensity warfare. Among the laws enforced on them is a prohibition on certain directions of research, such as intelligence augmentation or artificial intelligence. The main characters - a trotskyist mercenary, a libertarian teenager from a fundamentalist microstate, and an idealistic scientist - find themselves caught up at the center of a global revolution.
Patricia and Isabel O'Sullivan have just finished school at the elite school called Redroofs. Furious at their parents' refusal to send them to the school of their choice, the twins are determined to be as difficult as possible at St Clare's. They soon make good friends with the other girls and play pranks on others in the school.
The newly sensible Pat and Isabel O'Sullivan depart for their second term at St Clare's, with their Cousin Alison joining them. Other new characters include Lucy Oriell and Margery Fenworthy. Events include a midnight tea party for second former Tessie, which is discovered by Mamzelle through the machinations of Erica.
Jonathon Palmer is a shy teenager at a traditional British boys boarding school in the 1950s. He has three friends: bookworm Nicholas and twins, Stephen and Michael. Unfortunately, his friends live in a separate dormitory, leaving Jonathon exposed to regular bullying. There is only one boy who is not bullied with James Wheatley - Richard Rokeby. Richard is a loner but has confidence and scathing wit. Jonathon gradually befriends dark and dangerous Richard.
The story follows the decadent heir Henri de Marsay, who becomes enamored of the titular beauty, Paquita Valdes, and plots to seduce her. When he arrives to kill her, he discovers she's already dead by the hand of her lover - his half-sister. In the last lines of the story, deMarsay laughingly tells a friend that the girl has died of consumption.
 Epic follows the life of a boy named Erik and his involvement in a game called Epic. Epic is a virtual game, but is considered by all the inhabitants of New Earth as much more. Poor citizens play their entire life, slowly building up their characters to try to become powerful enough to go to a university.
Tucker was born in a box of Kleenexes and other odds and ends on Tenth Avenue. He fled his nest at a young age to avoid sanitation workers. He meets Harry Kitten, who took his name from two children he heard talking. The two become friends and search New York for a home of their own.
While the rest of the Moomin family are in the deep slumber of their winter hibernation, Moomintroll finds himself awake and unable to get back to sleep. He discovers a world hitherto unknown to him, where the sun does not rise and the ground is covered with cold, white, wet powder.
A man and a woman sit opposite each other in a train compartment on a journey from Paris to Frankfurt. As both the woman and man ponder their situation in the compartment they bring past events and philosophies up in separate monologues. Finally in the ending of the play, they speak conversationally, and in the last line of the show the woman calls the author by his name, the one thing she was so afraid to find out.
Dave Klein is a Lieutenant in the LAPD's Administrative Vice unit and an attorney. Born David Douglas Klein, he is of German descent. Klein joins the LAPD in 1938. In 1942, he enlists in the U.S. Marines and serves in the Pacific. He returns to the Department in 1945.
Pat and Isabel O'Sullivan look forward to enjoying their first summer term at St. Clare's. Five new girls have joined their form, including an American girl called Sadie. The girls soon discover that Miss Roberts is on the war path and is determined that her girls should do well and be promoted in next form.
On New Year's Eve 1999, in Dupont Circle, Washington, D.C., a killer referred to as 'the Digger' guns down tens of innocent people at the metro station. A man, Gilbert Havel, sends a letter to the Mayor Gerald Kennedy demanding twenty million dollars cash to be dropped off at a park near Interstate 66 in bags. However, Havel is killed in a hit-and-run incident before he can make it to the drop-off point. The team concludes that the second attack site must be a hotel.
The narrator's housekeeping agency dispatches her to the house of the Professor, a former mathematician. She is more than a little frustrated to find that he loves only mathematics and shows no interest whatsoever in anything or anyone else. One day, upon learning that she has a 10-year-old son waiting home alone until late at night every day, the Professor flies into a rage.
The novel is narrated by Nathanial Delaney, a teenage boy with a self-confessed Hamlet complex and social ineptitude. Many themes are portrayed in this novel including good vs evil, inner struggle, human nature, conformity vs individuality, friendship and cooperation. Nathanial overcomes his cynicism and begins seeing signs of The Dark everywhere, most centrally in the past.
Vasquez, Moriz, and Felipe are the three lighthouse keepers stationed at the Staten Island lighthouse off the southern tip of Argentina. Two of them are murdered by a band of newly arrived pirates led by one Kongre. Vasquez is the only survivor, and spends several months until the dispatch boat Sante Fe is due to return.
Rook Barkwater lives in the network of sewer-chambers beneath Undertown. He dreams of becoming a librarian knight-one of the select few to travel into the Deepwoods and gather information which may lead to the discovery of the cure to stone-sickness. Rook is chosen to be a knight along with Stob Lummus and Magda Burlix.
This is the last book of the Twig Saga. Twig and the crew of the Edgedancer are scattered across the Edge by the collapse of the vortex, with no memory of the voyage into open sky. Cowlquape, a young boy studying in Sanctaphrax, hears rumours about the new apprentice and realizes it is the same Captain Twig who left the city a month before.
15 year old Neil Miller is orphaned following a car accident and goes to live with his grandparents in Winchelsea, England. News travels of a new disease, called the Calcutta Plague due to its origin, which accelerates the aging process in human beings. The plague is uniformly fatal, and although initially only affects those of already advanced years it quickly progresses until it takes the life of a 2 year old girl that Neil finds and attempts to look after.
The book is set about a year after Lord Loss takes place. When Dervish, Grubbs, Bill-E and a psychologist named Juni Swan try to escape, they encounter a barrier which sends them into a dream world. The three of them run into the town trying to warn people to get away by saying there is a gas leak.
A World Restored explains the chain of Congresses that started before the end of the Napoleonic wars in 1814. Prince Metternich pursued a peace for Europe, based on restored monarchical principles, and on solidarity among the monarchs of Europe. After the Congress of Vienna, he was forbidden to attend any more European congresses.
Bildungsroman is structured as girl-meets-boy, girl-loses-boy and girl-undertakes-an-adventure-to-win-boy-back. The novel's heroine, El Elnora faces cold neglect by her mother, a woman who feels ruined by the death of her husband.
Rook Barkwater is on patrol duty when he is struck by a fireball from beyond the Edge and is sent hurtling to earth. He awakens, battered and bruised, but alive, only to find his skycraft, the Storm. Rook meets a young gnokgoblin named Gilda, whom he saves from the guards.
In the first half of the book, Berne introduces transactional analysis as a way of interpreting social interactions. He describes three roles or ego states, known as the Parent, the Adult, and the Child. In reality, the "winner" of a mind game is the person that returns to the Adult ego-state first. Not all interactions or transactions are part of a game.
The novel begins quietly, introducing us to Jonathan and Barbara as they are introduced to each other for the first time. Fast forward some years, and they are living the good life in a Washington, D.C. suburb. They have the dream house, filled with a lifetime's worth of antiques they've collected, two children , a dog, and a cat.
After 1982, the world experienced a devastating nuclear war. Fallout and radiation has caused widespread mutations to human and animal populations. Akin to gnosticism, there is a new messianic religion. The members of this religion, known as the Servants of Wrath or SOWs, worship the creator and detonator of the war's ultimate weapon.
The Maloney family live in a Victorian town, Yankalillee, in the Wangaratta-Wodonga area. The family is in many ways dysfunctional, but they are also fiercely loyal to each other and their friends and supporters. They start the novel far down the social ladder, but strive to rise up it.
Set in Brown's hometown of Châteauguay, Quebec in Canada in 1975 when Brown was 15, the story opens in church. Brown's angel-demon cajoling him into buying a Playboy magazine he had seen for sale. After bringing the magazine home and masturbating over it, he disposes of it by hiding it under a plank of wood in the woods near his house. As an adult, he hunts down back issues, and becomes something of a connoisseur of Playmates, memorizing dates and names.
In Guilty Pleasures, Anita is blackmailed by Nikolaos, the vampire master of the city, into investigating a series of vampire murders. During the course of this investigation, Anita begins her relationship with Jean-Claude, another master vampire. Ultimately, Anita identifies the murderer, but by that point has antagonized Nikolaos and her underlings that she is forced to confront them.
Sonea is a novice at the Magicians' Guild. Her rival and fellow pupil, Regin, does his best to make Sonea's life a living hell. Administrator Lorlen hopes to discover some way to counter Akkarin's powers in black magic.
Each winter in Imardin, the capital city of Kyralia, the streets are purged of the "dwells", the city's poor under-class. Sonea, a young dwell, hurls a rock through their barrier and injures the magician Lord Fergun. Fearing a rogue magician, the Magician's Guild begins searching for S onea. Benign Lords Dannyl and Rothen lead the search into the slums.
Sonea is Akarin and Lorlen used to go to Sachaka when they were young. Sonea starts seeing memories of a group called the Ichani, powerful magicians. She also discovers that Akkarin was Akarin is taught black magic by his brother Kariko.
A satiric look at 1960s politics, The Last Days of Louisiana Red follows investigator Papa LaBas as he tries to figure out who murdered Ed Yellings, the proprietor of the Solid Gumbo Works. In the story, Labas finds himself fighting the rising tide of violence propagated by Louisiana Red and the militant opportunists, the Moochers.
The most interesting character is the kirk minister who makes a sermon about social rights. It is about the horror of the Highland Clearances, and the heir of a despotic landlord, Cailean Og, who is disinherited. The action ranges to locations as exotic as gold mines in New Zealand.
Holly Krauss is a successful married woman who runs her own business with best friend Meg. She finds her perfect life deteriorating as a result of foolish actions made almost subconsciously, including an alcohol fuelled one night stand and arguments with potentially dangerous men. A mysterious stranger from one such incident begins imposing himself on her life, first through stalking and then physical intimidation.
Balso, the protagonist, comes across the Trojan Horse in the tall grass around Troy and promptly seeks a way to get in. The literary critic Leslie Fiedler reads much into this and sees the whole novel as a fractured and dissolving parable of the process by which the emancipated Jew enters into the world of Western Culture.
Lemuel Pitkin is a typical "Schlemiel', stumbling from one situation to the next. Pitkin's troubles, however, don't end with his death. Even after his death he is exploited as a martyr by the "National Revolutionary Party" The novel ends with a series of roaring "hails" from the crowd.
On June 9, 1976, it is the twenty-sixth birthday of Dana, a young black woman. She and Kevin Franklin, her white husband, move into their new apartment in Southern California. A young white boy named Rufus is struggling in a river. Dana wades in after him, but he is unconscious by the time she reaches him. She drags him to the shore and resuscitates him.
The novella is set in the summer of 1970. It is narrated by a 35-year-old man who is lying in hospital waiting to die of liver cancer. The main narrative is periodically interrupted by discussions between the narrator and "the acting executor of the will", who is transcribing the narrator's story.
The book opens with a prologue wherein a storyteller narrates the history of Katook, the book's hero, a small adolescent male Ring-Tailed Lemur. The protagonists are separated from the Patah, when the party is attacked by Phorcus. The Boskii tell Katook to follow the Butterflies, which lead them to the city of the Golden Monkeys.
Into a Dark Realm is the third book in the Darkwar saga. The book focuses on two groups of characters. The first is Pug, Magnus, Nakor and Ralan Bek trying to reach the Dasati home world. The second is Tad, Zane and Jommy who are sent into training by the Conclave of Shadows for their future as generals.
Francis Xavier Enderby, a lapsed Catholic in his mid-40's, lives alone in Brighton as a 'professional' poet. His income is interest from investments left to him by his stepmother. He is persuaded to leave his lonely but poetically fruitful bachelor life by the editor of a woman's magazine.
After a failed suicide attempt at the very end of Inside Mr. Enderby, the second novel opens with the protagonist under psychiatric care and working as a bartender at a large London hotel. Under the name of 'Hogg' , he is persuaded to renounce the creation of poetry as an adolescent preoccupation and to pursue useful work.
Enderby is a dyspeptic British poet, 56 years old, and The Clockwork Testament is an account of his last day alive. He spends it in New York City, where for the past several months he's been working as a visiting professor of English literature. He suffers three heart attacks over the course of the day, and succumbs to a fourth some time after midnight.
Alvin, Verily Cooper, Arthur Stuart, and Mike Fink are joined by John James Audubon, a French-speaking painter of birds. This group go to a Puritan-dominated place near Boston and end up confronting the witch laws. Meanwhile, Peggy has gone to the Crown Colonies - slave states that ruled by the Stuart dynasty in exile.
Alvin is a Maker, and what he can make is a new future for America. But to do that he must defeat his ancient enemy, the Unmaker. The Unmaker has threatened Alvin's life at every turn. Alvin is driven from his home back to Hatrack River. He must now stand trial for his life against Daniel Webster.
Hakkenden is the story of eight samurai half-brothers. One of the direct inspiration sources of the novel is the 14th-17th century Chinese epic novel Water Margin. A complete reprinting in ten volumes is available, as well as various modern Japanese translations.
While searching Jabba the Hutt's palace on Tatooine, Luke Skywalker and Han Solo learn that the Hutts are planning to build another superweapon. In the Hoth Asteroid Belt, Bevel Lemelisk starts construction on the cylindrical superlaser, which he calls the "Darksaber" Meanwhile, Admiral Daala succeeds in uniting the remains of the Empire in the core systems.
The novel portrays actor Hendrik Höfgen's rise from the Hamburger Künstlertheater in 1926 to nationwide fame in 1936. Initially he flees to Paris on receiving news of the Nazis' rise to power because of his communist past. A former co-actress from Hamburg, Angelika Siebert, travels to Berlin to convince Lotte von Lindenthal to have him pardoned.
Maerth claims that the eating of brain produces an aphrodisiac effect. This initially caused apes to become addicted to them, organizing brain hunts. Maerth suggests that the reader should drop out of society, embrace a vegetarian diet, and steep himself in the wisdom of the East.
Han Solo and Princess Leia learn of the now-abandoned Jedi stronghold on the planet of Belsavis. Meanwhile Luke Skywalker, C-3PO, two Jedi students and a myriad selection of alien life-forms along with a former stormtrooper are abducted aboard the sinister Eye of Palpatine.
Omega Squad are elite warrior teams with terrifying combat skills and a lethal arsenal. Deployed deep behind enemy lines, Omega Squad engage in sabotage, espionage, ambush, and assassination. When the Squad is rushed to Coruscant, the war's most dangerous new hotspot, they discover that they are not the only ones penetrating the heart of the enemy.
Dark Jedi Kueller destroys millions with his powers. Luke Skywalker feels this genocide, and is afraid that the destruction will continue. Luke decides to seek the aid of Brakiss, a former student. Brakiss is in on Kueller's plan, and Luke joins the spiral of death that is to follow.
 Prosper and Boniface run away to Venice, Italy after their mother's death. They are taken in by a group of orphans who live in an abandoned movie theater. The orphan gang sells them to a sly old shopkeeper, Ernest Victor. Scipio decides to work for Victor and sends his father a letter saying he is safe and happy, but will not come home.
Jacen, Jaina & Anakin are kidnapped by a man named Hethrir. Their mother, Leia Organa Solo, immediately dispatches a rescue operation. Meanwhile, Han Solo and Luke Skywalker go to Crseih Station on a supposed "vacation" They learn of a secret cult that influences the Crystal Star.
Obi-Wan Kenobi faced off against the leader of a Sith cult as an apprentice. A generation later, he and his own apprentice, Anakin Skywalker, discover the cult still exists. The cult has plans for revenge that threatens the hearts of the Jedi. Click here for more from Star Wars: The Last Jedi.
Val Gyrth, heir to the Gyrths, is homeless and wandering the streets. He is plucked out of danger by Albert Campion, who explains that a conspiracy of art collectors and criminals hopes to steal the treasure his family is charged with protecting. With Val's 25th birthday, at which a great secret will be revealed to him, fast approaching, Campion and Val smuggle the chalice to London, evading ruthless crooks. There, they find it is a fake, a replacement made a few hundred years ago, while the genuine, thousand-year-old chalICE remains out of sight.
Stanislaus Oates is being followed by a stranger, and runs into his friend Campion. Campion is waiting for a client, Joyce Blount, the fiancee of his solicitor friend Marcus Featherstone. After Campion hears Joyce's story, of the disappearance of her Uncle Andrew on the way home from church, news reaches them that Andrew's murdered body has been found in a stream. Next morning, more bad news hits the family; Aunt Julia is found dead in her bed, poisoned by a surruptitious morning cup of tea.
Lady Constance has decided that Lord Emsworth's grandson George needs a tutor to keep him in line over the summer holidays. Meanwhile, his niece Jane wants him to employ her fiancé, George Abercrombie, the position of Estate Manager at Blandings.
"Tribulation Saints" is the name given to a group of believers left behind by Antichrist Nicolae Carpathia. Rayford Steele, Chloe Steele, Buck Williams and Bruce Barnes find themselves left behind. They propose to fight the perceived threat of eradicating all religion and establishing a single world religion.
The novel is more concerned with exploring the nature of story-telling as a means of constructing identity than with a straightforward plot. It is full of stories within the main story, relating to both Turkey's Ottoman past and contemporary Istanbul. The novel ends with the postmodern twist of the author revealing his presence in the narrative.
Sir Everard felt a sword at his throat as he made his way alone to a dark gallery, in which he fancied he heard his cousin's voice. The sentinels also declared that they had heard strange sounds. Sir Henry Lee was induced to resume his post, and his son Albert arrived with one "Louis Kerneguy", whom he introduced as his Scotch page.
The book explores the rise of the cult of Jahweh, one of the pagan deities of Canaan. Armstrong identifies his roots in the Pharisaic tradition of Rabbi Hillel and his effect on the Jewish conception of God. The death of Jesus and its attendant symbolism are examined, including the various constructions others have placed upon these events.
Dusque Mistflier is a bioengineer for the Galactic Empire. After the killing of her colleague she is approached by Finn Darktrin, a member of the Rebel Alliance. After meeting with Lando Calrissian, C-3PO, Leia Organa, Luke Skywalker, Nym and Wedge Antilles they leave for Dantooine in search of the missing holocron.
The novel is set in the Appalachian Mountains at the turn of the twentieth century. The character Devil Judd Tolliver, in the novel was based on the real life of "Devil John" Wesley Wright, a United States Marshal for the region in and around Wise County, Virginia, and Letcher County, Kentucky.
Hatch Harrison is clinically dead for more than 80 minutes after a traffic accident. He begins experiencing strange dreams and visions that connect him to a psychopathic killer, a young man who calls himself "Vassago" Vassago believes that he is the human incarnation of one of the demon princes of Hell, and that if he murders enough innocent human beings and offers them up in sacrifice to his Master, he will be allowed to return to the afterlife.
The party led by Quenthel Baenre journeys to the drow city of Ched Nasad in hopes of learning more about Lloth's silence. The city is very much in conflict as the lesser races have taken to the streets and violence is around every corner. This book introduces the characters Halisstra and Danifae, both of whom go on to become prominent in the rest of the series.
This is the third book in the War of the Spider Queen series. The drow party travels to the Abyss to inspect for themselves what has happened to Lloth. They are about to break through a barrier in the shape of a female face when the god Vhaerun materilizes and strikes the visage.
Pharaun summons Jeggred's father, the demon Belshazu, to find a portal to the Abyss. Ryld Argith and Halisstra Melarn leave the party to pursue their own ends among the surface. Gromph Baenre awakens in a cave nearby, trapped in a small sphere, but with the help of his familiar escapes.
This book focuses on two rather large and epic events. First the wizard duel between Gromph and the Lichdrow Lord Dyrr. The second major event is the duel between Jeggred Baenre and Ryld Argith. The group consisting of Quenthel Baen re, Pharaun Mizzrym, Danifae, and Valas Hune make very little progress in their quest to travel to the Abyss.
Valas Hune disappeared shortly before the story began. Halisstra Melarn, with her new faith in Eilistraee, the Dancing Goddess, journeys with Uluyara and Feliane to fulfill her destiny as the slayer of Lolth, the Spider Queen, Goddess of Chaos. Both Quenthel's and Hallistra's groups are attacked by numerous beings.
 evil wizard Aballister has spent two years collecting and brewing a potion of power. When he reveals it to his evil fellowship at the hidden stronghold Castle Trinity, the priest Barjin takes control of it. Cadderly must fight a memory-blocking spell in order to lift the curse and save the Library.
The protagonist of The History of Mr. Polly is an antihero inspired by H.G. Wells' early experiences in the drapery trade. Alfred Polly, born circa 1870, is a timid and directionless young man living in Edwardian England. He's most striking characteristic is his "innate sense of epithet"
The Swallows intend to sail in the Goblin to Hamford Water and camp with their father, but he is called away on naval business. Instead he maroons them with a small dinghy on an island. Father gives them an outline map of the area they decide to call Secret Water and suggests they survey and chart the area.
The Ds have been invited to stay at Beckfoot at the start of the summer holidays. Mrs Blackett has been sent on a cruise for her health. When Great Aunt Maria finds out that the Blackett girls have been left at home, she decides to come and take care of them.
The novel opens with Alan's purchase of a home in the Kensington Market neighborhood of modern-day Toronto. Outwardly, he looks human, but he heals at an incredible rate, and if part of him is cut off, it will grow back, and the cut off part can be made to form a new copy of him, much like an earthworm does.
The End of Faith is an uncompromising assessment and criticism of Islam. Harris likens religion to a form of mental illness. He argues that there may be "sanity in numbers" but not in religious belief. Harris calls for an end to respect and tolerance for the competing belief systems of religion.
It is four years after the events described in the first novel. Jonas Taylor, now married to Terry Tanaka, is working at the Tanaka Institute. Angel has reached adulthood and is being held at the institute. Jonas discovers Angel's tank is full of great white males hoping to impregnate her.
Aunt Becky has died and left a prized family heirloom to a person to be disclosed in one year's time. In the year that follows, the family members try their best to live up to what Aunt Becky would have wanted. Many achieve self-discovery in the process, but the most important ones involve the following characters.
 Jonas is now in his early sixties and lives in Tampa, Florida with his wife Terry and two kids. He feels overwhelmed by having to deal with lots of past due bills and his rebellious teenage daughter. A Hollywood television producer of a top-rated reality TV show Daredevils, gives him an offer to provide expert commentary in a contest being held in the South Pacific.
Meg: Hell's Aquarium begins a couple of years after the Meg: Primal Waters ended. Scarface, Michael Maren's pet Meg, and Angel's last surviving offspring from her first litter, hunting. Jonas is offered a job by Rashidi to train pilots in how to use the Manta Ray submersibles.
In this world Actors are people who travel to Overworld through advanced technology and assume an alternate persona which they then use to carry out 'adventures' Hari Michaelson is a famous Actor and son of a now-mentally ill libertarian professor. On Overworld, he is the assassin Caine, while his estranged wife Shanna is another Actor playing the mage Pallas Ril.
The book begins with a note from the solicitor for Commander Malcolm Stevenson, who, we learn, has died recently. Quite wealthy, he runs a flotilla of coastal steamers in a desultory but increasingly profitable way. Stevenson meets a dancer, Mary Gordon, at a dance hall in Leeds. He has the best evening he has had in years with Mollie.
Leia must deal with a new threat to the fragile alliance that binds the New Republic. Lando becomes a prisoner aboard a runaway spacecraft of unknown origin. Luke continues his quest to learn more about his mother among the Fallanassi. Han pilots a spy ship into the heart of Yevethan space.
"Faced with an alarming image of Han as a battered hostage, Chewbacca takes on an urgent mission" Leia calls upon the Senate to take a stand and eliminate the Yevetha threat - even at the cost of Han's life. Luke's continuing search for his mother brings him dangerously close to Nil Spaar's deadly forces.
Brother Dynard has recently returned from the south, where he was sent to enlight Sen Wi and Dynard rescue Callen from the dwarves that are beating her. Sen Wi uses her training to heal Callen and they take her to Dynard's friend, Garibond, to heal. After recovering, an apparently Brother Dynard and Sen Wi go before the brothers of Abelle, but they are appalled to find that he was "enlightened" by the "beasts of
The final novel in the first trilogy begins with the mopping up of Bestesbulzibar's army and the battle against the demon's spirit. It is up to Elbryan and Pony, along with their friends, to combat the corruption and attempt to end its terrible hold. it:L'apostolo del demone.
Mortalis tells of Pony's life after the war: her fight against the crushing grief of her husband Elbryan's death and her fight to stop a plague infecting the people of the kingdom. At the same time, the characters of Aydrian Wyndon and Brynn Dharielle, a To-Gai girl turned ranger, are introduced to the story.
The novel Ascendance begins the tale of Aydrian Wyndon, a tortured and lonely young man raised by the Touel'alfar. When he leaves the home of the elves, events occur which bring about great sorrow for himself, his mother and the kingdom.
The final novel of The DemonWars Saga brings all of the main players from the previous two books together to combat the evil still residing in the land. In the first part of the novel, the recently deposed Queen Jilseponie Wyndon Ursal helps to organize the supporters of Prince Midalis Dan Ursal.
Perdita lives alone in a tumbledown house by the loch, never goes to school, and has no friends. One summer Janey, who is blind, and her brother Tim visit the island with their naturalist father. The children befriend the lonely girl, and together they search for rare orchids, explore the island caves and investigate a crime.
A young medieval scholar named Rosalind Hawkins is left penniless after her father's death. A railroad tycoon named Jason Cameron, looking for a governess for his two children. Rose learns that Cameron has hired her to translate ancient texts to him, as a mysteriously referred-to accident has rendered him unable to conduct his research.
Seven years after the events of Heroes Die, Hari Michaelson is a puppet executive on the Studio. He uncovers a plot by Earth's executives to infect Overworld with a plague of HRVP. Caine must work his way through Home and try to avert the infection, save the girl, beat a god and restore a friend.
Rhys Mason, former monk of Majere, begins the novel trying to escape death knight Auseric Krell. Mina has been imprisoned in a new tower of magic in Istar, at the bottom of the Blood Sea. The novel ends with all of the major and minor gods showing up and pondering over the nature of the unconscious Mina.
The story centers on Charlie Asher, a "beta-male" who leads a satisfying life as the owner and proprietor of a second-hand store in San Francisco. At the moment when his wife Rachel unexpectedly dies in the hospital shortly after the birth of their first child , Charlie is chosen to be a "death merchant"
A younger Boba Fett is on the run for his life for what he knows about the evil Count Dooku. A posthumous message from his father leads Fett to Jabba the Hutt. In an attempt to gain a position as Jabba's personal enforcer, Fett must survive many dangerous tasks.
Young Boba Fett continues to grow as a bounty hunter in service of Jabba the Hutt. As he returns with his latest kill, he is immediately sent out again on his most dangerous mission ever. The Republic has secretly hired Jabba's bounty hunters to capture or assassinate key members of the Separatist's leadership.
Anakin Skywalker helps Boba repair Slave I, but he's determined to take him in for questioning. Anakin escorts Boba Fett to the Jedi Temple for a meeting with Palpatine. It's there that Boba sees his chance to exact revenge on Mace Windu for the murder of his father, Jango.
The Sea of Trolls is set in A.D. 793 in Anglo-Saxon England, Scandinavia, and the mythical realm of Jotunheim. Jack and his younger sister Lucy are to be sold as slaves as soon as they reach land. On this quest Jack and Thorgil encounter many dangers and learn to make sacrifices for the sake of others.
It is a science fiction novel about UFOs and alien abductions. It shows how the government and military cope with an increasingly intrusive and hostile alien presence. It draws on government work on UFOs and is a "what if" novel that reflects some of the author's concerns about the defence and national security issues.
Qwill and his two lovable Siamese, Koko and Yum Yum find themselves in a rundown section of the city known as Junktown. A mysterious fall ends the life of one of Junktown's leading citizens and Qwill suspects it was no accident. It takes Koko to prove him right.
The Laughing Corpse takes place a month after the events of Guilty Pleasures. A local millionaire wants Anita to animate a 300 year old vampire. Anita theorizes that it would likely be a flesh-eating zombie. Only two people could raise and control a zombie of that power: herself and vaundun priestess Doming.
Wu Han wrote an article portraying Hai Rui, a Ming minister who was imprisoned for criticizing the emperor, as the hero. Wu later adapted his article into a Beijing opera play, which was first performed in 1961. The play is a tragedy in which an honest official carries the complaints of the people to the emperor at the expense of his career. It was initially praised by Mao Zedong.
Imaro is born into a tribe of warrior-herdsmen who despise his origin. Departing from the Ilyassai, Imaro roams afar, wandering across the vast continent of Nyumbani. Eventually, he finds friendship and love among people who are like him, exiles and outlaws.
The book is unusual in that much of the plot takes place in flashback sequences. The film adaption by Hakeem Stoutedispenses with the flashbacks and portrays the events all in the same timeframe. The story is set in only one day, and the book is unique in that most of the book takes place during one day.
Ab is a Stone Age boy who grows to young manhood amid the many dangers of his times. During his life Ab invents and perfects the bow and arrow, and is the first of the primitives to domesticate wolves as pets. Ab is used by the author to support his contention that there was no sharp division between the Paleolithic and Neolithic periods.
In The Flopsy Bunnies, Benjamin Bunny and Peter Rabbit are adults, and Benjamin has married his cousin Flopsy. Benjamin and Flopsy are the parents of six children generally called The Flopsies. One day they find and feast on lettuces that have shot into flower, and, under their "soporific" influence, fall asleep in the rubbish heap. Mr. McGregor discovers them by surprise and places them in a sack.
After graduating in mathematics and English, he moves in the hope of finding inspiration of becoming a poet and finding the woman of his dreams. However he finds none of this and instead, takes up a tedious job as a computer programmer. He feels alienated from the natives and never settles down, always aware of the scorn they see him with.
Imaro searches for vengeance, and for his kidnapped lover Tanisha. In the City of Madness, he finds both, along with a new ally, Pomphis. Pomphis seems to possess information about the dark forces that have houinded Imaro all his life. He suggests they might be found in the legendary city of Cush.
Imaro, warrior of the Ilyassai, has settled into ife as a husband and father in the fabled kingdom of Cush. Amid his growing restlessness, unspeakable tragedy strikes, sending Imaro on a grim mission of vengeance. As Imaro seeks a confrontation with his most formidable foe yet, the continent of Nyumbani is wracked with turmoil.
Osbert is 10 years old and the second son of Ealdorman Uhtred, Lord of Bebbanburg in Northumbria. His first son is killed and his body desecrated after he is sent out to scout the raiders. He is captured by Earl Ragnar the Fearless of the Danes during the battle.
Molly Sloan's novel is about a woman who finds herself in a strange new world. The author is convinced that the aliens have brought the children to harvest them for some more terrible end. However, a chain of events leads her to believe that there is still hope, and that the children have been spared.
The book is set in a dystopian near future at the end of the twentieth century. The book was written in 1987, during the time of the Thatcher government. The British Prime Minister features in the narrative. The gender of the politician is never revealed, however. It also deals with his grief and eventually his painful acceptance of his child.
Nore Robbins is less than thrilled when her father, Chuck, remarries. Lisette Berge is much too young to have teenage children. Nore discovers Lisette's old diaries in the shed. The question is, can they leave Shadow Grove without meeting the very fate the Berges have worked so hard to bring on them?
Faith is taken away from her mother by Social Services and shipped off to a foster home. When Alex, her childhood companion, returns in her dreams, she warns Faith that someone else is coming for her. As memory and fantasy begin to merge, Faith's two worlds collide, with cataclysmic results.
This book was an oddity in the release of Buffy publications by Pocket Books. It was neither a novelization of an episode, nor an original novel, but instead a fictional school yearbook. It featured "inscriptions" from characters on the front inside cover; Willow, Xander, Oz, Giles, Cordelia, Angel, Anya, Wesley, Snyder, Joyce, Jonathan, Harmony, Larry, and Devon.
Adam Trainsmith meets Chandler Tate, a former director of classic comedies. The leading-role android makes a series of mistakes. Supporting role android JC-F31-333 spots his lapses and laughs. Adam sees it as an advantage and persuades Chandler to make a comedy for her.
The Hive follows the story of Obi-Wan Kenobi as he is dispatched as a Republic envoy to the Outer Rim planet Ord Cestus. This planet has long since been co-opted by unscrupulous offworlders, whose plunder of a vital natural resource has enabled the rise of a powerful corporation.
Billy Wiles has not turned on his PC since his fiancée Barbara fell into a coma several years ago. Wiles's life takes a dramatic turn when he finds a piece of paper stuck to his windshield which contains an ultim. In the end Wiles finds out that the psychopath Billy mistakenly assumes that he and Barbara are safe.
Chewbacca and his wife, Mallatobuck, follow their son to find him fighting the burglar in the company of a band of thieves. Chewbacca and Lumpawarrump learn that the burglars were attempting to assassinate the New Republic's leaders. The Wookiees invade the enemies' base to find an advanced IT-3 interrogation droid attempting to brainwash Malla into believing the Solos are a danger.
The 501st Stormtrooper Legion, 'Vader's Fist', is sent in to take down a powerful warlord on the planet Eickarie. Many of the troopers meet up with the resistance formed against the warlord, who is hated because he has taken many prisoners. Unfortunately something seems deeply wrong with these new allies.
The events of Mythago Wood occur between 1946 and 1948, just after the end of World War II. Stephen Huxley returns from service to see his elder brother Christian who now lives alone in their childhood home, Oak Lodge. Christian is disturbed, but intrigued, by his encounters with one of the mythagos. Stephen soon has his own encounters with the woodland mythagos and eventually, to save both his brother and a mythago girl named Guiwenneth , he must venture deep into the wood.
The Walkers help Jim Brading, who was given the sailing cutter Goblin by his uncle, moor her when he misses the buoy. In return he invites them to sail aboard Goblin. Mother agrees provided that they stay within the estuary of the rivers Orwell and Stour, and do not go out to sea. These conditions are imposed because of the imminent arrival of their father, Ted Walker, who is expected to return by ferry at any time from Holland.
The story begins in 1965 during the Watts Riots in Los Angeles, California. 23-year-old Lloyd Hopkins is still with the National Guard and is deployed to help handle the situation. Eighteen years later Hopkins is now a sergeant with the LAPD and has the highest number of arrests of any officer in the department's history.
Tallis makes ten chthonic wooden masks, each of which represents one of the ten first legends in Ryhope wood. Within the context of the story, these masks are talismans that help to engage certain parts of her subconscious and so link her with the characters and landscapes which are forming within the wood. When properly used , these masks allow Tallis to see things that cannot be seen without them, and they can also be used to create 'Hollowings'
In 2210, the starship Herodotus left Earth. Onboard were Julian "Bean" Delphiki and his three infant children - Ender, Carlotta, and Cincinnatus - all of whom have Anton's Key turned. At 4.5 metres tall, Bean must remain in a lying position in the cargo bay so as not to over-exert himself.
"Love As A Foreign Language" originally appeared as a six-volume series of 72 page books from Oni Press. The series has been re-released in a trade paperback format entitled "Love As a Foreign Language Omnibus" Omnibus volume 1 compiles the original volumes 1-3, and Omnibus volumes 2-6. Below are the original synopses for the individual volumes.
15-year-old Jessica Day moves with her family to Bixby, Oklahoma after her mother is employed at a high-tech aerospace company. Soon after the move, Jessica awakens to find time frozen and rain stopped in mid air. The next night, she finds that her family is frozen and the only other living thing is a cat.
Nero Wolfe's latest novel is about a man falsely accused of a crime. The man, Paul Herold, has since moved to New York City and changed his name. The son's father wants to re-establish contact with him, and places an advertisement in the newspapers. Meanwhile, a man known as Peter Hays has been on trial for murder, and a verdict is expected soon.
In the first chapter, The Backwards Spell the witch teaches Simon how to turn the school gardener into a frog, but forgets how to do it again. In chapter two, The Lost Magic Wand, the witch loses her wand so Simon takes her to the police station. She becomes fascinated with Constable Scruff's uniform, and so becomes a police-woman.
The Great War has proved very costly for both the United States and Confederate States. By late July 1917, the CSA was in such dire condition that the country was forced to ask for an armistice. The states of Kentucky and Sequoyah were lost, as well as parts of Texas, Arkansas, Sonora, and Virginia. One issue would remain unresolved as a Confederate submarine torpedoed and sunk a U.S. destroyer.
Cassandra Morgeson is educated by a series of journeys she makes throughout her youth and early adulthood. Stoddard's novel traces the education and development of a young female in American middle-class society. Each new setting represents a different stage in her intellectual development. Cassandra escapes the boredom of domestic life through stories of adventure and exploration.
The authors document what they see as the ineffectiveness of "old-school politics" in the Democratic Party. They advocate for a "new kind of popular political movement" that combines the netroots, grassroots, labor unions and big donors to effect a "broad change in the political landscape"
Cheney Boone is the Director of the Bureau of Price Regulation. He is beaten to death with a monkey wrench at a dinner in New York. The NIA hires Nero Wolfe to investigate the murder. Gunther agrees to answer Wolfe's questions if he will answer hers. Wolfe is convinced that the only way to identify the murderer is to solve the case.
The story begins in April with the novel's main character, Kathy Ross, and her husband Dan attending a funeral for their old friend. While at the graveyard, Kathy sees a woman placing flowers on a grave. When Kathy views the gravestone she notices something unusual about it: there is only one name "Tilly" and one date, exactly nine years ago.
After an attack by the Maquis orchestrated by Ro Laren, the saucer section is damaged and in need of repairs. While at the dry dock facilities, Captain Picard receives new orders from Admiral Nechayev to test a new saucer. This new saucer section has been designed to be able to land on a planetary body and lift off from the surface.
Set in Belfast, Northern Ireland, the novel's events follow a turbulent period in the life of married, cynical and usually drunk journalist Dan Starkey. Dan's wife Patricia leaves him after a drunken party in which he kisses student Margaret. What follows is a darkly comical tale of murder and mystery.
Half a million years ago and 50 light-years from Earth, a star in the constellation Draco turns supernova. The radiation from the explosion causes mutations in many Earth organisms, including a group of hominina that become the ancestors of cheela. The extreme gravity of Dragon's Egg compresses the cheela to the volume of a sesame seed, but with a flattened shape.
Charlotte and Clare must learn to live two different lives. They write letters to one another in an exercise book, which they hide in the leg of the bed they share in two different times. Emily tells of the wretchedness of being motherless and unwanted. Meanwhile, Charlotte dreams she is fighting to stay as Charlotte.
The hero of the book is John Paul Jones, who appears as always brooding upon a dark past and a darker fate. Yet he is not so morbid but that he can occasionally rouse himself to terrific activities in his raids along the English coast. Long Tom Coffin, of Nantucket, comparable to Harvey Birch and Natty Bumppo from Cooper's other novels.
After the TARDIS malfunctions and then explodes, the Doctor's companions find themselves in two different time zones. Bernice is stranded in the East End of London of 1909, where a series of grisly murders is occurring blamed on Spring Heeled Jack. Ace is trapped on the planet Ant'ykhon fighting alongside guerrilla fighters against alien oppressors.
The story starts when the 17 year old Anna's parents die. She moves in with Aunt Stella and Uncle Leo and her cousins Walter and Zofia. Anna later meets Jan Stelnicki and falls in love almost instantly and remains obsessed with him for most of her life.
Shade, a young Silverwing bat, is constantly teased for being the runt of his colony. In response, Shade challenges Chinook to look Frieda sings the history of batkind into his head. Once, millions of years ago, bats were allowed to see the sun.
Uhtred, bored with the peace between Alfred and the Danish king Guthrum, goes off raiding into Cornwall. He comes across a settlement ruled by the British king Peredur, who hires Uhtred and his men to fight an invading Danish force led by Svein of the White Horse.
This novel covers the time from when Arthur Pendragon first becomes king to the time Merlin begins to lose his powers. Merlin becomes a sort of master spy to assist King Arthur as he begins the task of uniting all of Britain. He foresees that Mordred will be the cause of Arthur's death, but doesn't understand how it will happen.
The story is set 19th century Wyoming when it was still open to the Homestead Act of 1862. The original unclaimed land was used by a cattle driver named Luke Fletcher before the homestead was claimed by Bob's father, Joe Starrett along with many other homesteaders. Luke Fletcher's herd is at the verge of expanding to the point which homesteads are proving to be an interference.
The story takes place after the events of Second Contact, which involved the TNG crew being transported to the Marvel Universe. A mysterious force causes the X-Men to be dragged into the Star Trek universe. It is revealed that this situation had been at least partly caused by Q and Uatu the Watcher.
Gildas is the earliest source to mention Aurelius Ambrosius, credited with turning the tide against the Anglo-Saxon conquest. It also contains the earliest mention of the Britons' victory at the Battle of Mons Badonic. The kings excoriated by Gildas are: "Constantine the tyrannical whelp of the unclean lioness of Damnonia"
Pete Drossos, a twelve year old from the neighborhood, rings Wolfe's doorbell one evening and interrupts his after dinner coffee. A woman driver with a male passenger mouthed an appeal to him: "Help. Get a cop." Pete had the presence of mind to note the time and the car's tag. Later, Pete reflected that the car was a Archie calls Wolfe to ask for help in finding his missing friend.
Wolfe is siderodromophobic, but suppresses his anxiety enough to take the 14-hour train ride. Wolfe meets with 14 black men, each of them a member of either the kitchen or the wait staff. Wolfe: The ideal human agreement is one in which distinctions of race and color and religion are totally disregarded.
The books generally follow the life of Jerusalem Ann Hardin and the Hardin Family, who are living on a farm in Arkansas Territory near Arkadelphia in 1831. The books also follow aspects of the Texas Revolution the battles at Goliad and Alamo are described.
The central character of this novel is Savitri, a submissive housewife, who is married to Ramani. Savitri is a typical housewife of the India of those times, very much dominated and neglected by her husband. After some twists, typical to Narayan's style, Savitri ultimately cannot bear living without her children, so comes back.
The novel tells the story of Penelope Keeling, the daughter of unconventional parents. When the novel opens, Penelope is in her 60s and has just been discharged from the hospital. Pilcher also wrote a spin off novel to The Shell Seekers called September which was published in 1990.
Andy Fallon, Internal Affairs cop and son of police legend, "Iron" Mike Fallon, is found hanging nude in his bedroom, facing a mirror with the word "sorry" printed on it. Was it a suicide, an erotic accident, or murder? Sam Kovac and Nikki Liska, two of Minneapolis' toughest detectives are told to exploit the case.
This novel follows the fortunes of the mining community of Aberfoyle near Stirling, Scotland. From the outset, mysterious and unexplained happenings start to occur around the main characters. It becomes clear that all of the happenings have been caused by Silfax, another former employee of the mine who along with his trained owl has inhabited the mine since its closure.
Rachel Bruner inherited a large real estate investment business from her husband. She has read The FBI Nobody Knows and thinks it should get a wider distribution. Mrs. Bruner has offered a $100,000 retainer, and will pay both expenses and a fee to Archie Wolfe. Wolfe plans to get evidence of FBI malfeasance and use it to force the FBI to leave her alone.
Skif's parents are dead, and he lives with his horrible uncle, who does not make much of an attempt to take care of him. Because of this, Skif turns to thievery so that he can obtain food. One day after dressing up like a page and stealing food from Lord Orthallen's table, he hides in the laundry room. There he meets with a fellow and more experienced thief, and begs to be trained in the art. Eventually Skif becomes a master at the trade, and is glad for good food and clothes.
The book concerns the mysterious disappearance of the President of the United States. It is fairly apparent from an early stage that the president has staged his own disappearance to counter an impending military coup. The aim of all this is to involve the U.S. in a European war when none of the combatants has attacked American territory.
Amy Duncan is a private investigator for the firm of Bonner and Raffray. She is the youngest of four women on what is called the "siren squad" Her detective work is based on the theory that most men get careless around pretty women, especially those with chartreuse eyes like hers.
The final Wolfe book written by Stout, A Family Affair, ends with the disgrace and suicide of one of the Wolfe team. Several of Stout's Wolfe novels made it clear that Wolfe was Montenegrin, and had once been involved in what would today be called terrorist activities against the oppressors of his homeland.
In the film, Sister Creep walks around the remains of a New York ravaged by radioactive thunderstorms and tornadoes. A homeless woman suffers from depression ever since her daughter died in a car crash. A wrestler named Josh Hutchins is traveling to a match in Garden State.
The Man Who Would Be Queen is divided into three sections: The Boy Who Would be Princess, The Man He Might Become, and Women Who Once Were Boys. It starts with an anecdote about a child Bailey calls "Danny" Bailey writes of Danny's mother, who has been frustrated by other therapists about her son's "feminine" behavior.
The story revolves around an aristocrat family who lost all of their money after World War II. The family consists of three people - Kazuko, Naoji and their mother. The story starts out in the family's old house, with Kazuko's mother eating rationed food. Then Kazuko has a flashback to a time when she tried to burn snake eggs.
Felix Nasmyth, the first person narrator, is a young man who, as he tells readers right at the beginning of the book, has "always been a quitter" He is persuaded by one of his few friends to take part in a "summer camp"-a secluded rural area in Mendocino County, California-and grow marijuana on a large scale. In the end, after many misadventures, the venture is a failure.
Silas Lapham is the owner of a successful mineral paint company. He and his family move to a new home in the fashionable Beacon Hill neighborhood. Tom Corey, a young man from a well-respected high-class family, shows an interest in the Lapham girls. The younger Corey, however, eventually reveals his love for Penelope.
Gerald Tarrant is the former Neocount of Merentha, and Prophet of the Church for Human Unification on Erna. He marks himself as the servant of the Hunter, a powerful Adept who lives in the middle of a vortex of Fae. The Hunter seeks to find the Master of the Soul Eaters in order to punish him.
In When True Night Falls, Damien, Hesseth, and Tarrant land on the shores of the Eastern Continent. The order of the Church have managed to subdue the unconscious working of the Fae. Jenseny is driven near to madness by events she has seen and her rare ability to see and control fae.
The opening chapter centers on Commander Donald Graham, Chief Engineer of the Confederation cruiser, the TCS Juneau. The Juneau and her sister ship are hotly engaged with the Kilrathi carrier KIS Karga, a Bhant. The Goliath team leaves for Vaku with the FRLS Independence carrier battle group, escorting a factory ship and a tender.
Mathilda "Mattie" Gokey lives in the Adirondack Mountains of northern New York-the "North Woods" in her words-during 1906. Mattie dreams of going to Barnard College in New York City. The novel is written in alternating chapters from the past and present. Later in the story the reader discovers that Lawton thinks his father killed their mother by
An old English professor of languages residing in Geneva, who has received the personal record of a young orphaned Russian student named Razumov. As in many of Conrad's stories, the first-person narrator is somewhat removed from the action of the story. The narrative then shifts to Geneva where Natalia Haldin, the sister of the executed revolutionary, receives the tragic news via the professor.
In the book, Acorna has finally been reunited with her people - the Linyaari. She has travelled to the new homeworld of her people Narhii - Vhiliinyar to learn about her lost culture. However, she is distinctly different from her people due to her unusual upbringing.
Acorna has become a member of the crew of the Condor, a salvage ship. The crew consists of the mildly eccentric Captain Becker, the ship's feline first mate RK , and Aari, a Linyaari who is still scarred physically and emotionally from his capture and subsequent torture by the Khleevi. While searching space for salvage, they come across the wreck of a ship with information indicating that the Kh Leevi are on the move in that sector of space. Acorna and her friends must now warn their people and find a way to stop the oncoming KhLeevi horde.
Gilbert argues that imagination fails in three ways: # Imagination tends to add and remove details, but people do not realize that key details may be fabricated or missing from the imagined scenario. # Imagined futures are more like the present than they actually will be. # The psychological immune system will make bad things feel not so bad as they are imagined to feel.
R.I. Pig Peters is dead. So says the doctor that treated him. Five months later, Campion receives a panicked call from a friend, something about a murder. Now begins Campion's search, which leads to a missing body, a grisly scarecrow and one too many beers for Lugg.
Prince Zorn of Zorna arrives in the town disguised as a minstrel named Xingu. After meeting an enigmatic character known as the Golux, Zorn gets himself arrested and imprisoned. The Duke gives Zorn the task of finding a thousand jewels. The story ends with the Duke's sword on the floor and a puddle of tears dripping from the table.
Cullen James's best wishes were being fulfilled. Her best friend marries her; she travels in Europe; she has a baby daughter. But strange dreams begin to intrude. By night, in dreams, she begins to visit a strange land called Rondua, where the sea is full of fish with mysterious names.
The story starts with a group of schoolboys aged between eight and Fourteen on board a schooner moored at Auckland, New Zealand. Twenty-two days later, the boys find themselves cast upon the shore of an uncharted island, which they name "Chairman Island" They go on many adventures and even catch wild animals while trying to survive.
Tau Zero follows the crew of the starship Leonora Christine, a colonization vessel crewed by 25 men and 25 women aiming to reach a distant star system. The ship is powered by a Bussard ramjet, which was proposed shortly before Anderson wrote the book. This engine is not capable of faster-than-light travel, and so the voyage is subject to relativity and time dilation. The crew will spend 5 years on board, but 33 years will pass on the Earth before they arrive at their destination.
Big Planet had been colonized hundreds of years prior to the start of the novel by misfits, faddists, cultists and anti-government advocates from Earth. Investigators from Earth arrive to start putting things right - to stop the importation of arms and halt Big Planet's slave trade - only to have their starship sabotaged.
Two children, Joey and Mary Alice Dowdel, spend time every summer with their grandmother in rural Illinois. Grandma uses fish traps to get catfish from the lake while using the sheriff's boat to feed to drifters. Joey joins the army air corps because he loves airplanes. Joey sees Grandma's house lit up and Grandma herself waving to each and every cart passing by.
Festina Ramos is an Explorer, assigned to the Technocracy Fleet ship Jacaranda. Her specific physical "qualification" for her job is a large port-wine birthmark on her right cheek. She and her fellow Explorer and partner Yarrun Derigha are assigned to escort a Fleet admiral to planet Melaquin. For forty years Explorers have landed there, only to lose contact and disappear.
The essay has been published separately and as part of the collection Russian Thinkers, edited by Henry Hardy and Aileen Kelly. Berlin expands upon this idea to divide writers and thinkers into two categories: hedgehogs, who view the world through the lens of a single defining idea and foxes who draw on a wide variety of experiences.
Squirrel Nutkin, his brother Twinkleberry, and their many cousins sail to Owl Island on little rafts they have constructed of twigs. They offer resident owl Old Brown a gift and ask his permission to do their nut-collecting on his island. Every day for six days, the squirrels offer gifts to Old Brown, and every day as well, Nutkin taunts the owl with another sing-song riddle.
Mr. Mixie Dough is now a rare collector's item that has been sold for $100-$750. There are short sing-songs throughout the story and a recipe for the Happiness Cake. Much of the book is made up of full-page drawings of colorful Goofs preparing and baking the Happiness cake for King Misty.
Isabella "Bella" Swan moves from sunny Phoenix, Arizona to rainy Forks, Washington. Her mother, Renée, travels with her new husband, Phil Dwyer, a minor league baseball player. When Bella is seated next to Edward Cullen in class on her first day of school, Edward seems utterly repulsed by her. Over time, Edward and Bella fall in love.
The story begins with a group of SPARTAN-IIIs being deployed to a Covenant fleet refueling depot in the year 2545. The narrative then moves back to 2531, where SPartAN-IIs are deployed against the Covenant. The SPARTan-III project is carried out on a secret ONI planet named Onyx, where there is also an archaeological excavation of ancient Forerunner ruins.
"The Enigma of Innocent Smith" is a book in two parts. The first concerns the arrival of a new tenant at Beacon House, a London boarding establishment. The second part follows the trial of a man accused of burglary, desertion of a spouse, polygamy, and attempted murder.
Marius is a sensitive only child of a patrician family, growing up near Luna in rural Etruria. As a youth he is befriended by and falls under the influence of a brilliant, hedonistic older boy. Marius is appointed amanuensis to the Emperor Marcus Aurelius. He journeys to Rome , encountering by chance a blithesome young knight, Cornelius, who becomes a friend.
Millions of people suddenly vanish and frantic "survivors" of the disappearances begin their search for their friends and families. Among them are pilot Rayford Steele, his daughter Chloe Steele, and pastor Bruce Barnes. Meanwhile, a young journalist, Cameron "Buck" Williams, follows an unknown, but charming, Romanian politician named Nicolae Carpathia.
Amber and Ashes is set in Krynn shortly after the death of Takhisis at the end of the War of Souls. Magic is back, and so are the gods. But the gods are vying for supremacy, and the war has caused widespread misery. The mysterious warrior-woman Mina makes a pact with evil in a seductive guise.
The novel is a first person narrative presented by a boy who, at the outset, is not quite nine years old. He is a member of a Jewish family in a shtetl in Russia and chronicles the daily life of his family and friends. The narrative presents almost every episode in a humorous manner, even when the events are quite serious.
The novel is about the Talbert family, middle-class New England proprietors of a silverplate works. Peggy Talbert has just returned from her coeducational college engaged to a harmless but rather weak young man. Author Mary E. Wilkins Freeman made her assigned character, the "old-maid aunt" Elizabeth Talbert, into anything but a quiet old spinster.
The novel takes place over a period of three days. It is about Ryder, a famous pianist who arrives in a central European city to perform a concert. However, he appears to have lost most of his memory. He struggles to fulfill his commitments before Thursday night's performance.
The Face of the Waters is a novel by Robert Silverberg. It is set on Hydros, an ocean planet whose inhabitants live on artificial floating islands. The human population of the island of Sorve are ordered to leave after a human offense against the natives of Hydros. In a flotilla of ships they seek the semi-mythical island of the face of the waters.
Bertrand Caillet is a descendant of the cursed Pitamont clan, which destroyed itself in a long feud with the neighboring Pitavals. Bertrand grows up with strange sadistic and sexual desires which are usually expressed as dreams. He flees to Paris after his assault on a prostitute, his incestuous union with his mother, and his murder of a friend in their home village.
Fire Time takes place on the planet Ishtar, whose peculiar orbit around three stars results in the "Fire Time" As the northern hemisphere heats up, large numbers of Ishtarians flee south, leading to a collapse of civilization. The presence of visitors from Earth raises the prospect of changing the dynamics of history.
Nick is the chief spokesman for the Academy of Tobacco Studies, a tobacco industry lobbying firm that promotes the benefits of cigarettes. The political satire is heightened by Naylor's informal association with lobbyists from other industries that are subjected to routine vilification in the media. A pivotal point in the plot occurs when Naylor is kidnapped by a clandestine group who attempt to kill him by covering him with nicotine patches.
The Netherlands is one of the founding nations of the European Union and has always had a very international outlook. According to the book Germany, France and Spain no longer follow the USA, as shown by their reaction to the Iraq war. The authors suggest that Europe should change its orientation from the USA to the UN and rising powers like China.
Ka is a poet, who returns to Turkey after 12 years of political exile in Germany. He has several motives, first, as a journalist, to investigate a spate of suicides. Heavy snow cuts off the town for about three days during which time Ka is in conversation with a former communist, a secularist, a fascist nationalist.
Jeremy Fisher is a frog who lives in a damp little house amongst the buttercups at the edge of a pond. One day, Jeremy finds it raining and decides to go fishing. He puts on a Macintosh and shiny goloshes, takes his rod and basket, and sets off with "enormous hops"
Mrs. Tittlemouse is a tale in which no humans play a part. Events are treated as though they have occurred since time immemorial. She tries to keep her house tidy, but insect intruders leave dirty footprints. She holds a party for five other little wood-mice wearing Regency finery.
Ginger, a yellow tomcat, and Pickles, a terrier, are partners in operating a village shop. The two extend unlimited credit to customers who never pay. Tabitha Twitchit, the proprietor of the only other village shop, exploits the situation and raises the prices of everything in her shop.
A little girl named Lucie lives on a farm called Little-town. She is a good little girl, but has lost three pocket handkerchiefs and a pinafore. She questions Tabby Kitten and Sally Henny-penny about them, but they know nothing. She spies some white cloths lying in the grass high on a hill behind the farm. She scrambles up the hill along a steep path-way which ends under a big rock. She finds a little door in the hillside, and hears someone singing behind it.
The story is about a child growing up in a cold planet Earth around 10 million years from now. Godlike powers were withdrawn from most humans after a catastrophic war between 'human gods' almost destroyed humanity itself. A small subset of selected families were permitted to retain these powers in the service of humanity. One boy is forced into the role of saviour or destroyer, hunted and vilified.
The novel focuses on what could be called the tragedy of the Valdemaran Herald Lavan Firestorm. A boy from a mercantile family born with frightening abilities is misunderstood by his peers and family. The constant bullying had finally thrown open Lavan's innate ability to create and control fires, called Firestarting.
Lord Emsworth is worried by a telegram from his younger son Freddie, who is back in London from America. Freddie has fallen out with his wife Aggie, and is seen dining with a girl by Jane Yorke, a friend of his wife. Yorke tells Aggie she has seen Freddie with another girl, and she promptly leaves him.
At over 500 pages long, the book is quite dense. By dividing the book into consistent sections, the author has allowed readers to digest it in sections. The sections dealing with education, the elusive Japanese state, the all-pervasive bureaucracy, the middle class, ritual in society, and the press are regarded as the most important.
In the near future, Christianity has dominated everything, including politics, television, the Internet, and film. The leaders of the semi-theocracy include Reverend Jimmy, a televangelist who is the spiritual advisor to the President. However, a jaded ex-reporter, Johnny Greco, bitter towards Jimmy, has already found it, in an Irish-Hispanic Catholic named Jay.
Reuven's father is a well-known teacher and author who writes books on modern methods of studying the Talmud. Reuven finds himself caught in the middle as his teacher tries to force him to choose between his father's way and Rav Kalman. The story is brought to a shattering climax as together they help Michael to face the source of his distress.
Jemima Puddle-duck wants to hatch her own eggs, but the farmer's wife believes ducks make poor sitters. She sets off along the road in poke bonnet and shawl to find a safe place away from the farm to lay her eggs. A charming gentleman with "black prick ears and sandy-coloured whiskers" persuades her to nest in a shed.
A tailor in Gloucester sends his cat Simpkin to buy food and a twist of cherry-coloured silk to complete a waistcoat commissioned by the mayor for his wedding on Christmas morning. The tailor falls ill and is unable to complete the waistcoat, but, upon returning to his shop, he is surprised to find the work has been done by the grateful mice.
The Schwartzes live their ordinary lives in the aptly named small town of Bellwether, Connecticut. Faced with the dual challenge of having to raise two teenage kids while remaining successful in his demanding job. The real trouble begins when he accidentally swallows two incompatible antidepressants and falls into a coma shortly thereafter.
The tale begins with three feline siblings &ndash; Mittens, Tom Kitten, and Moppet. Their mother, Mrs. Tabitha Twitchit, expects "fine company" for tea so she fetches the children indoors to wash and dress them.
 Agricola does not reject the idea of alchemy. He explains that mining and prospecting are not just a matter of luck and hard work. Book consists of a preface and twelve chapters, labelled books I to XII, without titles. It also has numerous woodcuts that provide annotated diagrams illustrating equipment and processes.
Playwrights Sandor Turai, Alex Gal and their new composer Adam Adam have embarked on the trans-Atlantic ocean liner, The S.S. Italian Castle. They are about to surprise their actors Natasha Navratilova and Ivor Fish with the newest song from their nearly-finished musical comedy, The Cruise of the Dodo. Unfortunately, they go to surprise the pair just as Ivor declares his love for Natasha, as Adam listens on in horror.
The story is a romantic fantasy about two lovers who belong to rival kingdoms. Krur Singh, a member of the Vijaygarh king's court dreams of marrying Chandrakanta and taking over the throne. The novel, the novel, has many sequels, prominent being a 7-book series dealing with the adventures of ChandraKanta and Virendra Singh's children in another major tilism.
The tale begins with Tommy Brock, a badger, being entertained by old Mr. Bouncer. After smoking a pipe of rabbit-tobacco, he falls asleep in Tommy's company. Tommy puts the bunnies in his sack and slips out. When the parents return, Benjamin sets off in pursuit of the thief.
Lord Emsworth's world is far from ideal - not only has his neighbour Sir Gregory Parsloe-Parsloe stolen his pigman Wellbeloved, but his niece Gertrude is imprisoned in the house. Meanwhile Freddie Threepwood, back in England to promote his father-in-law Mr Donaldson's "Dog-Joy" biscuits, has just been turned down by his dog-loving Aunt Georgiana. He runs into his old Oxford pal Beefy Bingham. Freddie sends Bingham down to the castle under the guise of a Mr "Popjoy" , tasked with ingratiating himself with the Earl.
The story of Bernadette Soubirous and Our Lady of Lourdes is told by Werfel with many embellishments. The novel is laid out in five sections of ten chapters each, in a deliberate nod to the Catholic Rosary. Unusual for a novel, the entire first part is told in the present tense, as if it were happening at the moment.
Freddie Threepwood is trying to persuade his Aunt Georgiana of the benefits of Donaldson's Dog-Joy. His cousin Gertrude has become infatuated with Orlo Watkins, a weedy tenor invited to the castle by Lady Constance. Freddie borrows his friend Beefy Bingham to borrow his dog Bottles.
Ernesto, a 16-year-old boy living in Trieste in 1898, has an affair with a 28-year old worker simply called "the man" Ernesto subsequently has sex with the man frequently, but after an enjoyable experience with a female prostitute, he stops seeing him. He concentrates on studying the violin, and during a concert, Ernesto meets a beautiful 15-year -old boy, also a violin player.
Circus of the Damned continues the adventures of Anita Blake. The novel blends elements of supernatural, hardboiled detective, and police procedural fiction. Anita attempts to solve a series of murders by an unknown vampire pack and fend off the advances of her would be vampire master, Jean-Claude.
The story's protagonist is Romano Grey, a gypsy antique expert. He is pulled into a murder investigation when one of his friends dies in an automobile accident and is posthumously accused of the murder of a girl. Grey reappears in Canto for a Gypsy, published in 1972.
The Mermaid Chair is the soulful tale of Jessie Sullivan, a middle-aged woman whose stifled dreams and desires take shape during an extended stay on Egret Island. As her soul begins to reawaken, Jessie must also confront the circumstances of her father's death, a tragedy that continues to haunt Jessie and Nelle over thirty years later.
Elizabeth Egan had always been known as a serious woman, never laughing at jokes or taking joys from the simplest pleasure of life. This is due to having been abandoned by her free-spirited mother when she was young. When she gives birth to a son, Luke, she leaves Elizabeth to take care of him. At the age of six, Luke claims to have a friend named Ivan. Though invisible to most, Ivan is real. Only Luke and Saoirse can see him, though he comes to realise that Elizabeth can feel his presence.
Hunter S. Thompson covers the 1980 Honolulu Marathon for Running magazine. After the marathon, Hunter, Ralph and Ralph's family move to a rented beach side "compound" on Hawaii's Kona coast. The story frequently breaks away to excerpts from The Last Voyage of Captain James Cook, which tells the story of the man the native Hawaiians thought was the reincarnation of Lono.
 Augustine outlines three possible objections to his project of providing rules for interpretation of the Scriptures. He addresses those who do not understand his precepts, those who fail to make effective use of his teachings, and those who believe they are already. Book One discusses enjoyment, use, interpretation, and the relation of various Christian doctrines to these.
Jerry Pye, a resident in Cranbury, Connecticut in 1919, bought a puppy he wanted from Ms. Speedy for a hard-earned dollar. After a few days, Jerry remembered that he hadn't given his puppy a name. He asked his mother and his mother said Ginger because he looks like ginger and has quality of ginger.
The book introduces us to the three-dimensional character of Julia. The story begins with Julia over looking her life while she is starving to death under the rule of her stepbrother Tiberius. Under the influence of her mother Scribonia, the poets Horace and Ovid, she begins to enjoy her life.
Tony is fascinated with art, and goes to the club that his mom works at to draw pictures of some of the ladies. When his art teacher looks at the drawings, she wants to put them up in a museum for a contest. Tony's mom gets in trouble and is sent to court for letting her son draw pornographic pictures.
1633 continues where 1632 left off. Most of the novel details various political machinations of the new "United States" Mike Stearns sends emissaries looking for allies, some of whom end up behind enemy lines. One theme of the series is of down-timer leaders trying to change, hasten or head off their histories.
The diary of Seola is about a girl's struggle to resist a wicked world. Her resolve to remain loyal to God is so strong she influences a fallen angel to repentance. The diary is unique because it gives a detailed account on how the Great Deluge started. One of the planets in the solar system becomes unstable and its destruction causes the waters above the expanse to fall.
The novel begins with the story of Antar, an employee of the LifeWatch organization. Antar starts to track Murugan's disappearance in Calcutta many years back. In the novel, Ronald Ross did not discover the mysteries of the malaria parasite. It was a group of underground practitioners of a different, mystical "science"
Erik Ponti is a 14 year old boy living in the 1950s Stockholm lower middle class. He lives with violence both at home and at school and begins feeling sympathy and pity towards those he beats. His life comes tumbling down because of the school gang's criminal activities. Betrayed by those he thought of as his friends, the gang, he is expelled from school.
 Obi-Wan, Anakin, Siri, and Ferus get a tip that Jenna Zan Arbor is hiding on the planet of Romin under the protection of a tyrannical dictator. The Jedi pose as a gang of thieves called the Slams in order to infiltrate the planet.
After the death of Ian Rider in a "car crash," Alex Rider, his nephew, becomes suspicious of events occurring afterward. He finds the Chairman of the bank he worked for, Alan Blunt, with a gun strapped to his side Alex wakes up inside MI6 headquarters. Alex is recruited and is sent to be trained at a SAS base.
A colony of proto-bats called Chiropters live in safety in a giant sequoia on an uninhabited island. They deserted the other mammals due to refusal to participate in The Pact. The colony encounters Carnassial and the Hyaenodons. They seek refuge inside a hollow tree, only to be attacked by horrible venomous shrew-like creatures called "Soricids"
Bert Fyfe died of pneumonia and left his estate to David, another brother Paul, and their sister Louise. Under the terms of an agreement with Bert's business partner, Johnny Arrow, all assets from their uranium mining operation go to Arrow, and the assets represent nearly all of Bert's five million dollar estate. Paul thinks that Arrow might have killed Bert before he could shelter his assets by giving them to his relatives.
This book picks up on from the end of Mr Rosenberg's previous book. In his previous book, the Last Days, very large oil deposits were discovered in Israel and the occupied territories. This book starts off with an Aeroflot Jon Bennett, the envoy of the President and main architect of the Israeli-Palestinian peace treaty.
Arthur and Guenevere reign supreme across the many kingdoms of Great Britain. After many years of strife, peace is restored. But betrayal, jealousy, and ancient blood feuds fester unseen. Morgan le Fay, now the mother of Arthur's only son, Mordred, has become the focus of Merlin's age-old quest to ensure the survival of the house of Pendragon.
The Princess of Dhagabad is the first in a trilogy of fantasy novels. This sensuous and vividly imagined novel is about the coming-of-age of an Arabian princess. It follows the princess as she grows from a child of twelve into a young woman of seventeen.
Nearly all the principals in the book have something to hide, and therefore something for Archie and Wolfe to inquire about. The balance between private lives and responsible disclosure is handled adroitly. Just as in Before Midnight the agency partners have strong personality clashes, but this is seen in this book as a price that is paid for complementary talents in a boutique firm.
Fletcher Moon is a natural born investigator. A girl from his school comes to him for help in finding a lock of hair that she believes to have been stolen. Fletcher agrees to help her and starts off by investigating all suspects which eventually get him threatened by a thirteen year old named Red Sharkey. Fletcher holds Red as a prime suspect due to his family's criminal reputation.
Epistolary novels-novels written as series of letters-were extremely popular during the 18th century, mainly because of Richardson's Pamela. Richardson and other novelists of his time argued that the letter allowed the reader greater access to a character's thoughts. In Pamela, the letters are almost exclusively written by the heroine.
Earth is a uniform, weakly structured, utopian society based on the mutual trust and conformity of its citizens. On Omega, the citizens worship Evil in a cult dedicated to an entity called The Black One. On Earth, the world religion is an amalgam of all the "good" aspects of previous Earth religions. Its institution is the Church of the Spirit of Mankind Incarnate.
John Lafcadio left a collection of twelve sealed paintings to be unveiled one at a time at an annual event commencing ten years after his death. The first seven ceremonies went smoothly, but the eighth starts with family ructions. Campion meets up with Max Fustian, and finds himself entertaining strange suspicions of the odd little man.
Mirbeau's novel is a loosely assembled reworking of texts composed at different eras, featuring different styles, and showcasing different characters. Published at the height of the Dreyfus Affair, it is a farcical critique of French politics as seen in "En Mission" Then it moves on to an account of a visit to a Cantonese prison by a narrator accompanied by the sadist/hysteric Clara.
Roger Two Hawks, an Iroquois serving as a combat pilot in WWII, is shot down during a raid on Ploie_ti, Romania. While parachuting he feels a strange dizziness. The mystery is resolved when he sees a globe and finds that he is in a world where the continent of America does not exist.
Asteroid arrives in the solar system's asteroid belt after countless aeons of wandering interstellar space. It makes its first ever encounter with other living beings - a likeable criminal involved in a life-and-death struggle with a corrupt and power-mad judge. The judge is eventually killed, but so too is his beautiful wife.
The book begins with Saturday discussing with her new Dusk her plan to invade Sunday's realm, the Incomparable Gardens. Arthur, returning to Earth with Friday's captives, discovers that the national army is planning to destroy his hometown with nuclear bombs. Arthur confronts the Old One, who has grown in power and has destroyed his clockwork jailers.
Arthur's mother is trapped in a time loop and is being displayed as an exhibit in A Piper's child enters the house with a flaming pitchfork. Arthur battles with Lord Sunday, who also has to contend with an invasion by the combined forces of the Piper and the subservient Saturday. The battle is taken to the Elysium, the epicenter of creation; it is here that The Old One is freed, and He steps into the Will.
Two million people submitted entries to identify twenty famous women - real and fictional - identified by cryptic little poems. Of the two million entries, 72 had all 20 answers right. Contestants were given staggered deadlines before which to return their answers. The next morning, Dahlmann was found dead in his apartment by a servant.
The plot revolves around the behaviour of a 12-year-old boy called Marius Stern. Marius is suspended from his boarding school for hitting another boy. Scientist Ptolemaeos Tunne, with the assistance of Jeremy Morrison, attempt to get to the bottom of Marius' behaviour.
In The Black Mountain Nero Wolfe's oldest friend and fellow Montenegrin Marko Vukcic is murdered by a Yugoslavian agent. Without hesitation, Wolfe is compelled to go back to his homeland to avenge Marko's death and bring the killer back to American justice. As they covertly negotiate through one of the most dangerous places on earth, Archie sees Wolfe as he has never seen him before.
Cameron "Buck" Williams and Rayford Steele have become international fugitives. New believers like Condor 216 first officer Mac McCullum and computer programmer David Hassid take their places as moles in the Global Community. At the prophesied conference of witnesses, held at Teddy Kollek Stadium, the Potentate makes an unwelcome visit.
Dr. Kay Scarpetta is the Chief Medical Examiner for the state of Virginia. She investigates a string of unsolved murders in Richmond. The killer leaves behind few clues, including a mysterious substance which fluoresces under laser light and traces of semen. All five intended victims had recently called 911; she suspects that the killer is a 911 operator.
The story is set in Vancouver, 2036. San Francisco was struck by an earthquake and a company called Self, which is somehow related to Microsoft, set up an AI system to replace the city. The story follows several people, both in Vancouver as well as in Frisco.
First Light describes Laurie arriving with his mother and family at their cottage in Slad, Gloucestershire, Cotswolds. Laurie's cottage is in the path of the floods that flow into the valley. The dame teacher is called Crabby B, owing to her predilection to suddenly hit out at the boys.
Duchess of York has been invited to Ribby's house for dinner. She has been preparing a ham and veal pie for the evening. The tale is not popular among modern children, perhaps because they have difficulty following the complications involving the pies. The pictures however are some of the most beautiful Potter ever created.
A mysterious foundling with unique red hair and strange god-given powers, Firethorn is condemned to life as a powerless servant. But, as she accompanies Sire Galan to war, she discovers she may have traded one form of bondage for another. She and Galan share a fiery love that will surely overcome the opposition of both their personal enemies and their kingdom's enemies.
The story follows the lives of twelve people who lived in the same area of England over a period of 6000 years. The opening chapter, "Hob's Hog", proves challenging for many readers, as the first-person narrative voice is used. Each chapter carries the reader forward in time, but circles around the centre of Northampton.
The novel deals with the lead-up to, execution and consequences of, a bungled assassination attempt. The story follows the development of Thomas Landman, an Afrikaner who, bit by bit, is indoctrinated in, and comes to whole-heartedly believe, the ethos of black freedom-fighters. At times this book has touches of Wilbur Smith about it.
Tal and Milla make it from the shadowy 'Dark World' to the titular castle, a seeming place of peace. Both are unwanted by the castle's inhabitants, Milla the most. The two must avoid conspiracies and other dangers inside the castle, just to survive.
The novel's central plotline concerns the murder by drug dealers of a no-account deadbeat over an unpaid debt and the incidental killing of the intended victim's nephew. Secondary plotlines involve efforts by Strange's white associate, Terry Quinn, to locate a young girl who has disappeared into prostitution. Strange's background investigation of a potentially shady young man who is engaged to marry the beautiful daughter of a wealthy friend.
Tal and Milla travel through the Castle's depths where they encounter the Freefolk, a group of the servant class Underfolk who possess a great hatred for all the Chosen. They also meet Lector Jarnil, a famous teacher. Most of the Chosen leave the Castle due to the Day of Ascension. Milla accidentally kills Arla with her talon, who will decide her fate.
After arriving in Aenir they offer up blood on the hill they are standing on. This summons up two storm shepherds who demand a life in exchange for a great gift. When they do not take a life and hesitate when Tal offers to make them his and Milla's spiritshadows, the spirit in the hill awakes to sort out the problem. Afraid, the two creatures accept Tal's offer and quickly grab their new chosen and escape.
Joe Hardy's girlfriend, Iola Morton, is caught in a car bomb and dies. The brothers begin their investigation. They come to know that the person who killed Iola is a member of The Assassins. The fight ends with Al-Rousasa falling to his death, and Joe remembers what he had been told.
The Hardy Boys come to France for a vacation. When the brothers spot The Gray Man in Manhattan, they learn about an investigation he is working on regarding a terrorist organization in France. The book has an interesting storyline in which almost everybody is betraying each other - Renyard and Company, Denise and many other people.
In this story, Kiron flies on Avatre to the place of his birth, Alta, with the help of the Bedu, nomadic desert dwellers. Upon reaching the outskirts of Alta City , he rescues a girl, who turns out to be a daughter of a noble from a "river-horse," or a hippopotamus. She is a Nestling, the designation of acolytes who live outside the temple. At the temple he tells the Jousters the secret to having tame dragons-and finds himself supervising eight boys about his age.
The story revolves around the trials and tribulations of a young Polish priest, Stephan Kovalski. The story also explores how a peasant farmer Hasari Pal arrives in Calcutta with his family after a drought wipes out the farming village where his family has lived for generations. The book chronicles not only the separation of the wealthy from the poor but the separate levels of poverty, caste divisions, and the differences of the many religions living side by side in the slums.
The stories by Gorg Huff and Paula Goodlett explore the alien land practices and ownership of down-time Germany. The book spot-covers local events and a few related diplomatic discussions from a few days after the Ring of Fire to October in the fall of 1634. A peasant revolt becomes a revolutionary movement in the fractured Holy Roman Empire south and east of Thuringia. The farmers inFranconia have a history of dissent concerning serfdom.
The Hardy Boys are on a mission to rescue their good friend Holly from the cult of the lunatic Rajah. The boys unwittingly become the main event in one of the madman's deadly rituals--human sacrifice. Holly pleads with them to take her along, actually, she is linked with Rajah and wants to kill them.
In the book, environment, famine, overpopulation, climate changes, floods, tornadoes, hothouse effect , etc. are generally predicted to worsen and become acute by the end of the 20th century. Berlitz suggests that there may have been a flood, an idea which he explores further in his book The Lost Ship of Noah.
The plot concerns a Korean War veteran who comes home from the war mentally depressed. With deep psychological wounds, he only feels alive in the violent world of boxing. Shaara had been an amateur boxer.  The film was released in the U.S. on September 14.
The novel is set in the thirty-second century, in a communistic Utopian future. Humanity has colonized all of the Solar System, and is now making its first attempt at interstellar travel. The expedition meets a lifeless human ship of "Atlants", which turns out to be an old artificial war satellite of the USA and its NATO allies.
The novel is set in the fictional village of Glynmawr in the Black Mountains. It is closely connected to the nearby coal mining valleys of the South Wales coalfield. Matthew Price, a university lecturer in economic history, returns from London to visit his sick father in South Wales.
The book is based on the actual situation in Oxford of the 1960s. The ancient university was right next to Morris Motors, as it then was. Harold Owen, his brother Gwyn, son Peter and wife Kate all experience the contrasts. The book is out now.
The story tells about Nina, a mother of two, planning to go on holidays with her new boyfriend. Most pressingly of all, her fifteen-year-old daughter, Charlie, has yet to return from a night out. Minute by minute, as Nina's unease builds to worry and then panic, every mother's worst nightmare begins to occur.
Matthew Price and Peter Owen both have their roots within the borders of Wales. They each have contributed to a decision on the idea of building a new town, Manod, in the depopulated valleys of South Wales. A splendid idea - or is there more going on behind the scenes than is admitted?
The stories are set in a futuristic Occidental world in which Mankind is starting to colonize the Solar System. Pirx is a cadet, a pilot, and finally a captain of a merchant spaceship. The stories relate his life and various things that happen to him during his travels between the Earth, Moon, and Mars.
In the late 20th century, at the start of a war between the European nations and the United States, a US Army AI directing weapons overcame its programming to become self-aware. Then followed the "Hard Rapture", an explosive expansion and evolution of computer systems that left most of humanity dead or devoured. The AIs and assimilated persons progressed into posthumanity beyond human comprehension and departed for parts unknown, leaving behind artifacts on a number of worlds.
Nate and Sarah Springfield and their teenage children, Elijah and Elisha, are handpicked to investigate a outbreak of strange occurrences in an otherwise typical high school. They learn that a gothic cult members have been blamed for the plague; they were bullied as Abel was, and it is believed that the curse is their means of revenge. The assumed leader of the group, Ian Snyder, takes credit at first, but his followers turn on him.
Tristan en prose is based on the traditional story as told by verse writers like Béroul and Thomas of Britain. Many episodes are reworked or altered entirely. Tristan's parents are given new names and backstories. The Grail Quest has been a source of controversy regarding the Tristan en prose.
The book is written by nineteenth century author, dragonologist Dr. Ernest Drake. The subject matters are dragons; where to find them, information about different species, how to work with them and several tactile "samples" of dragon material. Also included in the book is a sealed envelope enclosing dragon-calling spells, dragon riddles, a "letter" from Dr. Drake, and a foldout map showing dragon locations throughout the world.
The book is set in a fictional country called Laurania. It is similar to Italy or Spain, but with an overlay of Victorian England. Laurania has an African colony which can be reached via the Suez Canal. The story opens with a description of the capital and fast-moving political events there.
The story starts when the narrator, aged 15, experiences the physical side of young love with his twelve-year-old friend Kevin O'Brien. Although he is the younger boy, Kevin takes the lead in the sexual activity. The encounters between the two adolescents become infrequent and are kept in the background.
Santiago Moore Zamora leads a dissolute life of wanton drug-fuelled homosexuality in London. The story then takes us back to his privileged childhood in the late 1950s. His Spanish mother and English father are surrounded by servants and young 'Iago' sees as much of nanny, cook and gardener as he does.
Louis Lamb is a twelve-year-old boy who lives in Kansas City in 1958. A new homosexual teacher, Jack Forster, takes an interest in Louis, an attractive but vulnerable child. Parents in the community are suspicious of the teacher who lives with another man. Eventually, some of the children's parents start a witch-hunt against Forster. He is fired, and effectively blacklisted.
Fortunio Balducci is on a houseboat with Tab Taverner-Former Mayor of Hermosa, his son Ronald Taverner nephew, Jimmy Hermosa and friend, Krysta Now. A Nevada park ranger is tipped off about the whereabouts of an abandoned SUV with a burned-up dead body inside. The SUV is a prototype vehicle belonging to Treer which is powered by "Fluid Karma"
Heralds Elspeth and Skif witness the reunion of Clan k'Leysha, a tribe of Hawkbrothers which was divided because of a magical mishap. The evil Prince Ancar of Hardorn, while experimenting with magic, accidentally draws the equally evil man-cat Mornelithe Falconsbane from his prison in the Void. The party find themselves in the Forest of Sorrows near Valdemar's northern border.
Under threat of execution after his conviction by the Time Lords, the Doctor is granted a reprieve if he agrees to undertake missions for the Celestial Intervention Agency. Accompanied and supervised by the ambitious Lady Serena, their first mission is to halt attacks upon three key figures in Earth's past: Napoleon Bonaparte, The Duke of Wellington, and Charles Maurice de Talleyrand.
Three sects of humanity have developed and split, after a civil war on earth forced them apart. Now, far into the future, the deported sect has returned to force their rule on the remaining citizens of earth. The three sects are led by a man who has gained amazing power over genetics and technology.
The novel is divided in two parts, separated by more than 1000 years. The first part takes place during the rule of the pharaon Djedefra, in order to seek the famous and fabled Land of Punt. The second part starts in Ancient Greece during its Aegean Period.
Herald Elspeth is now under the tutelage of Herald-Captain Kerowyn, who arrived in Valdemar during the events of By the Sword. Meanwhile, the Hawkbrother clan k'Sheyna is in dire straits after the clan's Heartstone went rogue and shattered. Lurking at the edges of k' Sheyna territory is the sinister mage Mornelithe Falconsbane.
The Doctor and Jo have gone off in the TARDIS, leaving the Brigadier and UNIT facing a deadly mystery. Robbery and murder are on the increase in Britain as disputes between underworld gangs escalate into open warfare on the streets. The Master seems inextricably linked to the chaos - despite the fact he is safely under lock and key.
In an alternate history book, John Brown's Body, the slaves were emancipated by Lincoln rather than by themselves after a war between two white factions. In the book, Socialism works out as predicted by Karl Marx, bringing happiness and prosperity to all of Humanity. To mark the centennial of Brown's raid, black astronauts lead a manned landing on Mars.
The princess is perhaps more sick at heart than body. Her father is enraged when the wizards, the Lord High Chamberlain, and the mathematician court can't get the moon. In the end, it is the jester who realizes that the princess thinks the moon is only as big as her thumbnail and made of gold.
Vlad is alarmed to discover that his wife has joined a group of revolutionists consisting of Easterners and Teckla from the ghetto of South Adrilankha. By getting involved, Vlad becomes a target in the ongoing feud. Vlad decides that the only way to save Cawti is to end the revolution by killing Kelly and his top-ranking followers.
The Doctor and Liz deal with an alien invasion that started with an extraterrestrial mass exploding in the atmosphere.  The Brigadier is pursued across the world from seeming traitors within UNIT, his own organization. The Doctor is chased by a group of men who want to kill him.
The Tigers of Mompracem are a band of rebel pirates fighting against the colonial power of the Dutch and British empires. They are led by Sandokan, the indomitable Tiger of Malaysia, and his loyal friend Yanez de Gomera, a Portuguese wanderer and adventurer.
Sandokan and Yanez, the protagonists of The Tigers of Mompracem, are back, righting injustices and fighting old foes. Tremal-Naik's misfortunes have continued. Wrongfully imprisoned, the great hunter has been banished from India and sentenced to life in a penal colony.
The novel follows the life of a young boy growing up in Calcutta and later on in Delhi and London. His family - the Datta Chaudharis - and the Prices in London are linked by the friendship between their respective patriarchs. The narrator adores Tridib because of his tremendous knowledge and his perspective of the incidents and places.
City of the Beasts tells the story of Alexander Cold, who is 15 years old and going through a family crisis. When Alex, being fifteen, is put through a rite of passage into manhood, unusual things happen. He turns into a jaguar, his totem. He receives a vision of his mom on her hospital bed. Jaguar and Eagle visit the Beasts, who live in a city deep within the forest.
Matt, a six year old boy, is kidnapped by his father, Denny, who he had never met. With little clues to follow, Matt's mother and sister, and the police, are doing everything they can to find him. Matt's sister, Bonnie, sees Matt at a Mariner's baseball game, but is caught by Denny. Now both captive, the siblings attempt to escape. On the ferry, Bonnie signals to Matt to throw his hardest pitch, which allows the two to escape and Denny is then apprehended.
Mitochondria are the "energy factories" of biological cells. The novel's plot supposes that mitochondria form the dispersed body of an intelligent conscious life-form, dubbed Eve. Eve has been waiting throughout history and evolution for the right conditions when mitochondrial life can achieve its true potential and take over from eukaryotic life-forms.
The novel is set in modern times against the background of the legendary Medieval Welsh colonization of Mobile, Alabama under the prince Madoc in the 12th century. The modern Pendragon, King Arthur's secret successor, must recover Arthur's famed sword Excalibur. The novel is published by Simon & Schuster.
'The Beautiful Death' is a theme park ride that allows people to experience the afterlife. Riders are now turning into brain-damaged shells of their former selves. The Doctor arrives at the end of this disaster and is praised for saving everyone, something he did not actually do yet.
As he grows up, Gabriel starts to suspect that he is not like other boys, and engages in a series of sexually oriented games with Noel, a young male friend. He is later caught in the act by his childhood friend Fergal. During adolescence, Gabriel is convinced by his cousin Connor to sexually experiment with him, learns he is attracted to his own sex, and tries to fight it by trying to make himself attracted to girls. At sixteen, he is also abused at school by a priest Father Cornelius.
13-year-old Robin MacKenzie is caught in a triangular relationship with next-door neighbor Todd Spicer and classmate Scott Schatz. Robin's younger brother Jackson dies some time after falling from a slide and breaking his neck, an incident Robin blames himself for although it isn't anyone's fault. The book is written in the present tense.
Ekaterina is an exiled Svanetian princess who arrives in America. Harington describes the attractive boy as a faunlet, a male counterpart to Vladimir Nabokov's nymphet in Lolita. After two months, the 27-year-old Ekaterina seduces Kenny and they have sex.
The Eighth Doctor and Anji are captured by soldiers on a wasteland. They learn that they have landed on a planet host to a war between two factions of humans. Both sides have weapons that can slow the flow of time, or speed. The Doctor meets soldiers at a military outpost called Station 40. One of the soldiers, a man called Bishop, had his arm aged by a time storm.
Lord Dismiss Us is set in an English boys' public school in the 1960s. It was published in the same year that homosexuality between consenting adults was legalised in the UK. The author, Michael Mussen Campbell, b. 1924, was the grandson of the 1st Lord Glenavy and brother of the 3rd Baron.
The Doctor, Steven, and Vicki travel to what seems to be Venice in 1609. They meet a host of historical characters including Galileo Galilei and William Shakespeare. However, with the arrival of Braxiatel's kidnapping, the Doctor soon finds himself embroiled in an alien invasion attempt.
The novel opens with a brief history of Vlad Taltos and a description of how he acquired his jhereg familiar, Loiosh. Despite being an Easterner in the Dragaeran city of Adrilankha, Mellar has become the houseguest of the Dragonlord Morrolan e'Drien in his floating fortress, Castle Black. The last time a Jhereg assassinated a Dragonlord's house guest, it resulted in a war.
The novel opens with a mysterious Lady, who, having grown bored with contemplating the Universe, has decided to bring it to an end. She walks to the beach of the island where she lives alone, and summons a storm. Q watches as his wife and son are taken in, and is only barely able to escape. He arrives in the Holodeck of the Enterprise, where Picard and Data's fishing simulation had been disturbed by the same disaster. In order Q, Data and Picard
The story, set between July 1999 and January 2000, revolves around Russian presidential candidate Igor Komarov, head of the right-wing Union of Patriotic Forces. A secret document, later known as the "Black Manifesto", is stolen from his secretary's empty office at UPF headquarters. Komarov's team capture and kill Zaitsev, but not before he gives the document to the British, who later translates and shows it to influential Western leaders.
Vlad narrates this story from a point in his life before the events of Phoenix. He summarizes the series of turf wars and assassinations that led him to rise in the ranks of the Organization. A turf war between Vlad and Laris erupts. Vlad survives several attempts on his life.
This Earth of Mankind tells the story of Minke, a Javanese minor royal who studies at a Hogere Burger School in an era when only the descendants of the European colonizers can expect to attain this level of education. Minke is introduced to an extremely unusual Indonesian woman, Nyai Ontosoroh, who is the concubine of a Dutch man called Herman Mellema.
Avalon started its life as a magical seed that beat like a heart, planted by Merlin in The Lost Years of Merlin. Soon it grew into a huge tree, having members of every existing species living in its 7 root-realms. For the first several centuries of Avalon's existence, the creatures lived in harmony, guided by the religion of Avalon. Peace is shattered by the War of Storms, a war that included almost all of the races in Avalon and lasted for several centuries.
Jared McCaverty has a sexual encounter with a friend, Paul Herzog, but his father finds out and beats him. Jared meets Julian Clay, the new curator of the local museum, and a sexually abusive relationship ensues. Jared faces rejection by Julian and threatens him. Julian Clay then commits suicide.
The Stone is an asteroid hollowed out along its long axis, and subdivided into seven vast cylindrical chambers. The chambers are terraformed, the second and third containing abandoned cities. The humans who built the Stone seem to come from approximately 1,200 years in the future. Their libraries record that human civilization was nearly destroyed by "The Death" in 2005.
A time dilation storm pulls the space station Oberon into its heart forcing the Oberon to crashland on an alien planet. With most of the crew dead, the marooned survivors embark on a controversial genetics program. The survivors must transform the primates into a genetically enhanced Army to help defend them.
The Gospel is a parody of the Ten Commandments. The book contains the Eight "I'd Really Rather You Didn'ts", adherence to which enables Pastafarians to ascend to heaven. Henderson states on his website that more than 100,000 copies of the book have been sold.
In the book, Nick meets Uncle Giles for tea at the Ufford Hotel and is introduced to the clairvoyant Mrs. Erdleigh. Later in spring 1933 Nick spends a day in encounters with Quiggin and Members. There follow various further encounters with Jean and a visit to Foppa's restaurant. The book ends with intimations of an end to Nick's affair with Jean.
Nick is working, without great success, as a script writer at a film company. He gets invited by a colleague to a party at the home of Lady Molly Jeavons. There he learns that Widmerpool is to marry the twice widowed, somewhat notorious Mrs. Mildred Haycock. Also re-encountered at Lady Molly's gathering is old Alfred Tolland. A chance meeting by Nick with Quiggin leads to a surprising invitation of a weekend visit to the country.
This, the last volume before World War II, begins with a flashback to Jenkins' boyhood at the outbreak of the Great War. In Autumn 1938 Jenkins is staying with the Morelands at their cottage near Stourwater. In Summer 1939 Nick has to clear up Uncle Giles's affairs after his death at a small seaside hotel, the Bellevue.
 Jacen Solo attempts to advance his goal of galactic peace in the midst of war. Luke Skywalker experiences Force visions leading him to believe the entity in question is Lumiya, Dark Lady of the Sith. The Corellians set a trap for the Alliance, by sending out a false trail by claiming that they are hosting a secret election.
The book starts where Exile left off, with Ben returning to Jacen aboard the Sith Meditation Sphere. The novel follows Jacen as he manipulates politics, introducing a new law that allows him to rewrite other laws. Ben overhears a conversation between Lumiya and Jacen and, horrified, confesses all to his mother, Mara Jade Skywalker. Mara, livid with Jacen for attempting to turn Ben to the dark side, sets out to kill him. This backfires, however, as Jacen kills Mara as his final sacrifice.
Ilsa Brandes is a 13-year-old girl who captivates the book's narrator, Henry Randolph Porcher. Henry's mother hates Ilsa and her naturalist father, Dr. John Brandes, even to the point of refusing their help when her home is on fire. Henry and his family go to stay with relatives in Charleston, where Henry gets his first hints about the family scandals.
Sylvia Tebrick turns into a fox while out walking in the woods. She is released into the wild, where she gives birth to five cubs. Despite her husband's efforts to protect her, she is ultimately killed by dogs during a hunt. McSweeney's Collins Library imprint republished Lady into Fox in 2004.
Kim is waiting for the dream that will tell her how to summon the Warrior to aid them in their battle against Maugrim. Jennifer is pregnant with Rakoth Maugrim's child and, surprisingly, is determined to have the baby. Darien is a loving little boy and devoted to Finn.
The story describes the mistreatment of prisoners in the POW camp and how they tried to sabotage the construction of the bridge. Colonel Nicholson is portrayed as the perfect example of the military snob. Boulle also examines friendship between individual soldiers, both among captors and captives.
The novel opens during a Russian Orthodox funeral liturgy, or panikhida, for Yuri's mother, Marya Nikolaevna Zhivago. Yuri is taken in by his maternal uncle, a former Orthodox priest and philosopher. Lara becomes very adept at using her sensuality to manipulate her besotted lover.
The novel is set in the mid-19th century, with glimpses into the history of the house. The primary interest of this book is in the subtle and involved descriptions of character and motive. The house of the title is a gloomy New England mansion, haunted from its foundation by fraudulent dealings and accusations of witchcraft.
The novel tells the story of an astronaut, Hal Bregg, who returns to Earth after a 127 year mission to Arcturus. Due to time dilation, the mission has lasted only 10 years for him, but on Earth he faces culture shock. For Hal, however, this new world is too comfortable, too safe.
The novel takes place in February 1983. Clarice Starling, a young FBI trainee, is asked to carry out an errand. Starling helps Crawford in the hunt for a serial killer dubbed "Buffalo Bill" The two form a strange relationship in which he offers her cryptic clues in return for information.
Horace Stockwood and Alexander Richards travel to Rapa Nui, also known as Easter Island. They befriend the natives, and when the son of their friend Tortorro falls ill, Stockwood helps to cure him. The Doctor buys the Tweed from Stockwood in Portsmouth.
Forged in the Fire is an epic love story in which love prevails over all. When Will is sent to prison during the plague, Susanna has no way of knowing whether her beloved is alive or not. This is the one and only blow to their love but is soon overcome. The two get married in the sight of God at a Quaker meeting.
Hexen Village, England, in the early 21st century has a crop of gifted children. Murder and mental illness seem to be centered around them. The Doctor is kidnapped and taken to Liverpool and discovers the Hexen children could affect the rest of the country. Ace is left in the village to face the threats of animated scarecrows, human prejudice, revenge-violence and a strange black cloud.
The Third Doctor has had his knowledge of the TARDIS's dematerialisation codes returned to him by the Time Lords. The Doctor has left Earth and is helping the rebels on the planet Xanthos. The Brigadier has received a call from his old friend Wing Commander Alec Whistler. Culverton Aerodrome has closed and been purchased by the mysterious Legion International.
The Doctor and Jo arrive at a planet named Kastopheria. Its natives are peaceful, golden-skinned giants who seem not to care that other races are exploiting their world for all it is worth. The possibility of peace is disrupted by the war-mongering Draconians. The Doctor risks uncovering a force that threatens the entire galaxy.
The Theory of Constraints is a way of measuring success at a work center. The book enumerates the five principle steps of the Theory ofconstraints. Identify the bottleneck of the system. Exploit this bottleneck by changing processes, equipment maintenance procedures, training, policies, etc. Subordinate the throughput of all other work centers to this work center and Elevate.
The setting for the novel is Seattle, at a company called Zephyr Holdings. In the novel no one has ever met the CEO. Stephen believes the company is hiding something-something that would explain why people who are fired seem to disappear. And, he wonders, what exactly is the Omega Management System?
The novel is an imaginative reconstruction of the life of a band of Neanderthals. It is written in such a way that the reader might assume the group to be modern Homo sapiens. As the novel progresses it becomes more and more apparent that they live very simply. Their observations of early human behaviour serve as a filter for paleoanthropology.
Linden Avery is now in charge of a clinic for the mentally ill and is responsible for caring for Joan Covenant. Roger, son of Thomas and Joan, comes to visit for the first time in many years and seeks to take Joan out. The Land has been beset by caesures which are strange disruptions created from wild magic by Joan in her madness.
Jonathan is a 27-year-old artist living in Paris who befriends a single mother and her six-year old son, Serge. When Serge is eight, his mother asks Jonathan to look after him for a week, which they spend together at Jonathan's country house in southern France. Jonathan, smitten with the boy, is distraught when Serge returns to Paris. They meet each other again when Serge is age 10 and their sexual relationship continues.
When a massive, artificially-created structure enters the galaxy, a society of technologically advanced humans are the first to intercept and investigate it. Finding it to be an indestructible ship, they decide to convert it into a cruise ship, inviting alien races to join them. After thousands of years, with over 200 billion creatures living in its upper levels, a group of explorers discover a planet hidden in the core of the Great Ship.
The book begins with the return of a group of friends, consisting of Tanis, Sturm, Caramon, Raistlin, Flint, and Tasslehoff. Kitiara Uth Matar, the half sister of The Companions are confronted by Highlord forces and are forced to flee the village. The group is attacked by Draconians, reptilian creatures that serve as foot soldiers in the Highlords' army.
The novel begins with the Companions assembled in the major dwarven city of Thorbardin. The city is then attacked by dragons and completely destroyed. Most of the heroes present, but also Sturm, Flint, Tas and Laurana, experience visions of their death. The only two members of the party to "survive" and reach the Tower of Stars are Tanis and Ra.
Fizban tells the heroes that both the good and evil dragons will remain on Ansalon. Raistlin travels to the Tower of High Sorcery in an abandoned neighborhood in the city of Palanthas, cursed and unoccupied since the end of the Cataclysm. He proclaims himself to be the master of past and present whose coming was foretold.
In 1921, Hemingway's first wife, Hadley, lost a bag containing the manuscript and all the carbon copies of his first novel on a Parisian train. Since that time there has been speculation about the nature of the novel. There are entities who control the paths of destiny in the multiple parallel versions of our world that exist.
The New Republic are attacked by strange spies. Han Solo shoots and kills one only to find out that the spy is from his home planet of Corellia. The Corellian system has turned away from the Republic, building a new Corellians Republic. Han, Leia, and Chewbacca must escape Corelia and return safely home to Coruscant.
Han Solo is a prisoner on his home planet of Corellia. His captor is his evil cousin, Thrackan Sal-Solo. Han joins with a female alien named Dracmus against Sal-solo's corrupt Human League. Han Solo wishes to escape to Selonia to warn his friends but is not even sure he can trust Dracmus.
Luke Skywalker and several of his Jedi Academy students travel to Centerpoint Station. This place contains a device capable of destroying planets. Various factions fight over the control of the Station. Luke Skywalker: The Last Jedi is out now on Blu-Ray and Blu-ray. For more information, visit www.jedi.com.
Maggie is the link between many of the other characters and strands of the novel. She introduces Victoria to the McPheron brothers, and has a romantic relationship with Tom. The novel was adapted in 2004 into a Hallmark Hall of Fame TV movie on CBS.
The story begins when the Hardy Boys are on a stakeout at an antiques shop. They later find out that a fellow basketball player's grandfather, Stretch Walker, is under a voodoo curse. The story ends when the antique shop owner turns out to be the thief, going under the guise of King George III.
The Fifth Doctor returns to the planet Morestra, which he had visited two thousand years ago. The ruling class has become a theocracy and is trying to return to stealing crystals from Zeta Minor. This energy-granting plan did not work so well long ago and is again causing problems now.
Gide's story is filled by his descriptive prose, which evokes the exotic nature of Michel's inner and outer journey. "I did not understand the forbearance of this African earth, submerged for days at a time and now awakening from winter, drunk with water, bursting with new juices"
Luna follows the life of sixteen year old Regan as she keeps the secret of her older brother Liam's transgender identity. During the day, Liam is an average senior student with a job making, programming and fixing computers alongside his best friend Aly. But at night, Liam 'transforms' into Lia Marie, a girl.
Anzor, an old school bully from the Doctor's time on Gallifrey, locks the TARDIS in orbit above the planet of Magnus. On this planet, Anzor has been working with the female upper caste to his own ends. When the Doctor investigates further he discovers that the polar icecaps of the planet hide an even darker foe - the Ice Warriors.
The unreliable narrator, Latimer, believes that he is cursed with an otherworldly ability to see into the future. His unwanted "gift" seems to stem from a severe childhood illness he suffered while attending school in Geneva. Latimer becomes fascinated with Bertha, his brother's cold and coquettish fiancée, because her mind and motives remain atypically closed to him.
The main narrative takes place between 1941 and 1952. The last chapter is set in 1967. Shigekuni Honda is sent to Bangkok as legal counsel for Itsui Products. Honda visits Pattanadid's daughter, Princess Chantrapa, who claims to be the reincarnation of a Japanese boy.
The Doctor and his companions land in what seems to be a medieval castle. In reality, it is a fortress/prison, the last stronghold for military forces. The TARDIS crew quickly finds itself in danger from outside threats and inside, not the least of which is seemingly self-animating suits of armor.
The year is 2204. The Doctor is caught in human history. When the TARDIS is stolen and Zoe is kidnapped by a Selachian he is forced to intervene in a war. It is the second and so far final encounter between the Doctor and the Selachians, first introduced by Lyons in his previous Second Doctor novel.
Bobby Pendragon travels to Eelong, a society dominated by biped felines called Klee. The enslaved humans, called Gar by their oppressors, have begun a revolution called the Advent. Saint Dane is trying to stir up genocide. To do so, he has poisoned the crops gathered by the races of Eelong.
LAPD detective Robert Chate is convinced that the man who calls himself 'The Doctor' has something to do with the murder of multi-millionaire movie producer Harold Reitman. The Doctor is convinced there is a powerful threat hidden somewhere in the soon to be released film 'Dying In the Sun'
The novel opens in a Confederate military hospital where the protagonist, Inman, is recovering from a recent battle wound. Tired of fighting for a cause he never believed in and longing for his home at Cold Mountain, North Carolina, he decides to desert from the Confederate Army. The narrative alternates between the story of Inman and that of Ada Monroe, a minister's daughter recently relocated from Charleston to the rural mountain community of Cold Mountain.
The plot follows Sister Pansy through one cycle of the seasons in Redwall Abbey. The cookbook is divided into the four seasons: Spring, Summer, Autumn and Winter. All of the recipes are completely vegetarian. Each recipe is preceded by a description of who is making the dish and how it is being prepared.
Polaroids from the Dead is a collection of short stories inspired by a series of Grateful Dead concerts. Portraits of People and Places is a. collection of essays about people and places. The book is split into three parts. The first part contains ten fictional stories. This section is nonfiction, excluding the last story.
Song of Lawino is a narrative poem about a woman and her husband. Ocol, who is the son of the tribal leader of their specific Acoli tribe, has taken a new wife, Clementine. Lawino says Ocol no longer engages, or has any interest in, the ritualistic African dance.
A university student called Kirsten is viciously attacked in a park by a serial killer. She survives, but in a severe physically and psychologically damaged state. As the killer continues, leaving a trail of mutilated corpses, Kirsten confronts her memories. Interwoven with Kirsten's story is that of Martha Browne, a woman who arrives in the Yorkshire coastal town of Whitby with a sense of mission.
Earth Colony Axista Four was supposedly founded in the 2439 by Stewart Ransom, a noted humanitarian. Arriving on the colony one hundred years later, the Doctor, Zoe and Jamie find a near-civil war. 'Realists' have abandoned Ransome's 'back to basics' ideals.
Matt Freeman is sent to Yorkshire on the L.E.A.F. Project, which involves sending troubled children into the countryside to get away from city temptations. He tries to escape Hive Hall by stealing the bike of Mrs. Deverill's missing husband. He finds a copy of the police report detailing his parents' deaths and his clairvoyant powers.
Maurice Allington is beset by a number of difficulties, including his father's death by stroke at dinner one night, and a drinking problem. Maurice compounds his problems by pursuing an affair. He is in the presence of a young, suave man who it comes to be understood is God himself.
Mr. Tickle's story begins with him in bed and making himself breakfast without getting up because of his "extraordinarily long arms" He then decides that it is a tickling sort of day and so goes around town tickling people - a teacher, a policeman, a greengrocer, a station guard, a doctor and a postman.
The Riders tells the story of an Australian man and his 6 year old daughter Billie. Scully, as he is known, and his wife Jennifer have planned to move from Australia to a cottage they have purchased in Ireland. His wife and daughter are due to arrive in Ireland but at the airport only Billie arrives.
Nicolas is a 24-year-old Londoner, a witty wastrel and the novel's archetypal anti-hero. He dreams of inheriting untold riches from his Uncle Bela in Vancouver, which will put an end to his current servitude. His bossy Irish girlfriend Maura continually presses him to make something of himself.
Sondra Wolf Dearborn is a junior operative in the Office of Form Control. Her job is to monitor questionable and illicit form change techniques, enforce the Humanity Test, and prosecute illegal mods. Bey Wolf resides on Wolf Island, a private resort he chose for the name and the isolation it provides.
Starbase 47 A.K.A. Vanguard is a new Federation facility in the Taurus Reach. The Tholians, the Orions, and the Klingon Empire all believe there is much more to the establishment of this odd new starbase. The U.S. Enterprise is damaged after being the first ship to travel to the edge of the galaxy.
The novel concerns the life of Georges, the son of a wealthy mulatto plantation owner named Munier, in the Isle de France. While part-black, Georges appears to be very light-skinned, if not white. Through numerous tests of will Georges overcomes his weaknesses and becomes skilled in a variety of fields.
The book is set just before the outbreak of the First World War. It is an account of how the lives of the main characters were interwoven with the success or failure of secret naval talks between Britain and Russia. In these, Britain had to win the support of Russia in order to make any headway with its navy. As a result, Czar Nicholas's nephew Prince Alexei was sent to London for high-level bilateral talks. Lord Stephen Walden is married to a Russian aristocrat called Lydia. His wife is also related to the young visiting Prince.
White Mughals is a work of social history about the warm relations that existed between the British and some Indians in the 18th and early 19th century. It documents the interracial liaisons between British officers, such as Major-General Charles Stuart, and Indian women. At the heart of the book is the story of a love affair which saw a British dignitary, the East India Company resident of Hyderabad, convert to Islam and marry Khair-un-Nissa.
Jeremy is a 28-year-old man working at the summer camp where he spent a childhood summer. He finds a true sense of family after the death of his father. He becomes infatuated with Max, a disturbed 14- year-old. When Max confides in him that he has been sexually abused by the camp director, Jeremy realises just how close he came to actually committing the same crime.
"Fading" is the term used for being invisible and becoming invisible to the world. In the summer of 1938, the young Paul Moreaux who lives in a town outside of Boston called Monument, discovers he can "fade" The ability to fade becomes a nightmare because he learns so much that he did not want to see or hear.
The main protagonists find themselves desperate after their drug supply diminishes. The particulars of their desperate addiction and cravings are documented in realistic detail. The pair are saved from destruction by an adept Magician named King Lamus. This mysterious and charismatic figure frees Pendragon and Lou from their addictions through the use of Magickal techniques.
Nathan is an intelligent but shy, adolescent boy, who wants to escape from his abusive and violent father. He fantasizes about a relationship with Roy, the boy who lives next door. Gradually their relationship deepens and becomes sexual. Readers are left to decide whether Nathan is killed or not, as he is seen returning to town and finding Roy.
The novel opens on Saturday, 2 May 1970, with a seascape off the coast of the Izu Peninsula. TMru Yasunaga is an orphaned 16-year-old boy working in Shimizu as a signalman. In Chapter 7, it is explained that Honda's wife Rie has died and that Keiko, a happily single lesbian, has become a platonic companion for him.
America was born to a crack addict, given to a rich white family. They decided they didn't want him any more after his skin started to darken. America's mother lived in a shoddy house in New York City with America's two older brothers, named Brooklyn and Lyle. The books ends with a dream about everyone who had a positive impact on America's life lifting him up by the hand of God.
Sheep, Pig, Chicken, Goat and Cow are an underground rock band. They perform a punk cover of "Old MacDonald had a Farm" while Farmer Joe is asleep.  Krosoczka's book tells the story of five farm animals- sheep, pig, chicken, goat and cow.
The book is dedicated "for my mother." The mostly previously published essays collected provide a history of Native American struggle for decolonization. Russell Means' 1982 platform for president of the Oglala people is included as an appendix. Maps of Indian land claims/treaty areas are included.
Alex Rider is assigned by MI6 to investigate the deaths of billionaires Michael J. Roscoe in New York and General Viktor Ivanov on the Black Sea. Smithers meets with Alex undercover as a farmer and provides him with some equipment and gadgets. Alex's cover is that of the son of a supermarket magnate, Sir David. Alex meets the founder Dr Grief and later a student who goes by the name of James Sprintz.
The story takes place at a time when humans have not yet made an appearance upon the Earth. The novel's initial chapters define several important characters as well as the origins of the main antagonists in the book, Wyrm and Cockatrice. All sorts of farm and woodland animals come together to fight the terrible evil that is at hand.
There are three main characters, Daniel, and two of his clones. Daniel is a successful comedian who can't seem to enjoy life despite his wealth. His two clones live an uneventful life as hermits, in a post-apocalyptic future. They live in a time where the human species is on its last legs.
Like the legendary phoenix, the Materese are rising from the ashes and are regaining their former power. The new leader of the Matarese is an enigmatic figure named Jan van der Meer Matareisen. Only one man, a CIA operative known as Brandon Scofield a.k.a. Beowulf Agate, can stop them.
Obi-Wan Kenobi is left with one last task: to watch over and protect a young child named Luke. Obi-Wan finds out that a former Jedi apprentice has survived, Ferus Olin. He must make a painful decision: whether to stay on Tatooine or go on one last desperate mission.
Anakin Skywalker is no longer a boy, but not yet a man. Almost thirteen, he has begun to travel on the path that will lead him to glory ... and infamy. In the mysterious caves of Ilum, Anakin must create his lightsaber after confronting the demons of his past-and his future.
Set between Episode I and Episode II, JEDI QUEST traces the emergence and education of Anakin Skywalker as a young Jedi devoted to the Force-and tempted by its dark side. Anakin and three other apprentices-one of them his rival-must work together in order to survive.
Anakin Skywalker and Obi-Wan Kenobi are on a training exercise that soon turns into a struggle to survive. A squad of bounty hunters has been hired to capture the Jedi-and they will stop at nothing to do it. They must avoid the traps and ambushes ... and try to discover who is behind the deadly Jedi hunt.
Anakin is supposed to abandon his past life in service to the Force, but his racing days and old rivalries return at high speed. Anakin squares off against Hekula, son of Sebulba, who has inherited his father's worst traits. Obi-wan is investigating some fixed races in the games.
Young Padawan Anakin Skywalker and his mentor Obi-Wan Kenobi face off against a slippery foe. This adversary is as cunning as he is evil, and will stop at nothing in his embrace of the dark side. How will the Jedi defeat this villain of powerful wealth-a villain that they cannot find?
In the story The Demon Awakens, Elbryan Wyndon and his childhood friend Jilseponie Ault whose lives are irrevocable changed by the destruction of their home town Dundalis. Avelyn Desbris who is a vary pious man that enters a group of monks that go to a monastery by the name of St. Mere Abelle to study and serve under god.
Mawan is a world torn apart by war. Its population has taken refuge underground, and the surface has become the battlefield for three greedy crime lords. Into this chaos venture Jedi peacekeepers, but they may be heading into a deadly trap. For more information, visit www.jedi-movie.com.
All is not well in the kingdom of Honce-the-Bear. The servants of Bestesbulzibar still roam the land. At St.-Mere-Abelle, the centaur Bradwarden is held captive. In this novel the reader meets Andacanavar, a northern ranger from Alpinador.
The tense Master-Padawan relationship between Obi-Wan Kenobi and Anakin Skywalker puts this resolve to the test. The two must put aside their conflicts if they are to undertake a daring rescue mission to the last free planet of the Uziel system. Their lives, and an entire planet, depend on it.
Obi-Wan Kenobi and his apprentice Anakin Skywalker are tasked to protect the Galactic Senate from a threat that could throw the galaxy into dark chaos. Supreme Chancellor Palpatine is vested in the Jedi's success, but to what result? With Senators endangered, peace and justice are at risk.
Granta Omega is an evil mastermind who has one goal: to help the Sith destroy the Jedi order. Omega has escaped to the planet of Korriban, graveyard of the ancient Sith and home to their most powerful secrets. It's up to Obi-Wan Kenobi and Anakin Skywalker to intercept this madman before his sinister power grows out of control.
The narrative turns to a story of Celaya's adolescence. Her family lives in Chicago but decides to move to San Antonio. Celaya learns to deal with a new home and classmates who pick on her. She meets Ernesto, who romances her and eventually brings her to Mexico City, ostensibly to marry.
Obsessed by Ted Dekker tells a story of Stephen Friedman, successful Realtor, a Jewish immigrant and an orphan. Stephen discovers that his mother was Rachel Spritzer, a woman who had been through the nightmare of World War II concentration camps, and recently died. Stephen also learns that she was quite wealthy and had some property, including a priceless historical artifact.
University professor James Lowry is a disbeliever in spirits or witches, or demons, so much so that he publishes an article in a newspaper denying the existence of them. Lowry goes about his day-to-day life, but increasingly begins seeing demons, ghouls and odd things about him. Lowry is pursued by an omnipotent evil force that is turning his whole world against him.
Veritas Project members Elijah and Elisha Springfield are sent to investigate the Knight-Moore Academy. A missing boy mysteriously reappears with his mind wiped clean of almost all of his memories. The only two things he can say are "I don't know" and "Nightmare Academy"
Turner and Sam set out on a series of adventures to try to discover who the mysterious "Charon" is and what/where exactly "Sunrise Alley" is. Both characters explore the notion of humanity and machine intelligence, and eventually come to blur the distinction. In the process they also fall in love.
The time narrated is 5½ weeks, from 3 March 1950 to 11 April 1950. The novel, which minutely chronicles the work of the police, is told exclusively in chronological order. No piece of information is ever held back. At any given point in time, the reader knows just as much as the police &mdash.
The Emersons are at home in England, aching to return to Egypt. Lady Baskerville asks them to finish the excavation started by her husband, who died mysteriously just before opening a tomb in Luxor. No one else will continue as rumors of a curse on those who desecrate the tomb fly through the region.
Tom Farrell is a man in his thirties who resides in New York City in 2001. The novel tracks Tom as he moves through his life, with each chapter being a day in his life during the year 2001. Tom's days are filled with drinking, watching TV , working at Tabloid, and trying to deal with his deep desire to be in a relationship.
The play opens with Wesley putting pieces of a broken down door into a wheelbarrow. Emma has been working on a 4-H project on how to properly cut up a frying chicken. Wesley and Emma argue over who is going to go add water to the artichokes that are boiling on the stove.
City Boy is the tale of an 11-year-old Jewish boy from the Bronx, New York. The novel first follows Herbert Bookbinder through the final days of school at New York Public School 50. The story revolves around his continuing quest to win the heart of the fickle, red-haired Lucille Glass.
The world, now ravaged by nuclear war and plague, lies in ruins, overrun by Demons and other monsters. A group of children, the Ghosts, hide out in the ruins of downtown Seattle. Meanwhile, deep in the Oregon woods in the Elven kingdom known as The Cintra, exists Arborlon, the largest Elven city in the world.
Yedige Yedigei is a novel about a procession through the Ana-Beiit cemetery. The novel begins with the death of his longtime friend, Kazangap. The denizens of Boranly-Borrannyi and Abutalip are interrogated by the tyrannical Tansyk.
The story follows the members of the Beowulf Circle as they are brutally murdered one-by-one. The "Descent" of the title refers not only to the literal act of descending, but is also the term the narrative applies to a large-scale military-led colonization of the planet's interior.
The Tricky Part tells the story of the relationship and its effect on Moran, who grew up as a homosexual. It describes Moran's sexual awakening, and how he and a chubby friend of his called George, go with Bob to get the camp ready. Moran's desperate coming-of-age is described with candor and humor.
The Doctor and Leela are in a testing facility abandoned by the extinct Lentic Empire. The idea was to breed the perfect super-soldier from the last survivor. Sozerdor intends to generate an army of Leela clones. They are able to trap him in a force field and transport themselves and the OIG team to the surface.
It features the Seventh Doctor and Ace. It also includes appearances by the Wandering Jew and Jack the Ripper. Part of it is set in an alternate timeline, featuring parallel universe versions of Ian Chesterton and Barbara Wright. The villain is the Valeyard. It was released in UK cinemas on November 14.
In the 1920s, at a hospital in Bozeman, Montana, a boy named Petey is born. His mother is devastated when she sees his twisted figure. The story then switches its point of view to following Petey's life in the asylum. Petey and Calvin then meet Owen twenty years later.
The story involves Barnabas, Destruction's dog on strict orders to watch over Delirium, looking for her after she disappears. He visits each of the Endless in turn to see if they've seen her, but none of them have any clue where she is. At the end, he finally finds her by collecting all of the sigils of each of them and conjuring her.
The book brings together a decade of Churchill's writings on American Indian history, culture, and political activism. The author gives his assessments of how Indians are represented on film, in literature, and in academic institutions. He analyses "Indian resistance--as it occurs in art, cultural practice, and activist struggle..."
The Lunatic Cafe is the fourth novel in the Anita Lane series. The novel is set shortly after the events of Circus of the Damned. In the epilogue, Anita explains that she is continuing to date Richard and Jean-Claude and has exchanged Christmas presents with each of them.
Candy enlists the help of seventeen other old black men by having them come to Mathu's yard, each with a shotgun and one empty number 5 shell. She and the men all claim to be responsible for the murder, in an effort to protect the guilty party. Meanwhile, the Sheriff Mapes arrives to the scene to arrest the real murderer.
This adventure, and Vecna's multiverse-shattering plan contained within it, have been used by some D&D fans as an in-game explanation of the differences between the 2nd and 3rd editions of Dungeons & Dragons. The closing paragraph of the module reads as follows: "One thing remains clear: Nothing will ever be the same again"
A house fire was about to be written off as the result of a tenant's gas suicide. A forensics officer discovers a firebomb in the rubble that would have certainly killed the tenant had he not killed himself. Beck and his team launch a manhunt for the tenant's partner-in-crime.
In an ambiguous future, the Earth has gone through an unnamed "Disaster" and subsequent "Age of Confusion" A group of scientists build a great self-controlled city called Arc One to house the survivors and save all human knowledge. Knowledge has been regulated to devices called "info paks" which enable the wearer to tap into Arc One's computer. Those who reject the info paks become slaves, soldiers, or workers.
The story is written from the point of view of Françoise Simon, an elderly widow. She moves into the village of Les Laveuses on the Loire to open a small restaurant. Her business is moderately successful locally, until a notable food critic brings it to prominence in a national magazine. This brings undue attention to Françoise and her business, and brings a visit from her nephew Yannick and his grasping wife, Laure.
The novel is in the first person, seen through the eyes of Tom Cutter, an aircraft pilot, engineer, and entrepreneur. The novel starts with Cutter's boyhood-he gets a job with the Alan Cobham "National Aviation Day" Cutter apprentices in aviation engineering, and also learns to fly. He marries a co-worker named Beryl, and soon afterwards is posted overseas.
The Emersons return to Egypt for the 1894-95 season to excavate the ruined pyramids of Mazghunah. This is Ramses' first trip to Egypt, after studying and hearing about it for all his young life. While in Cairo, Amelia hears rumors of a scrap of papyrus which no one will confess to owning.
Palpatine wishes to use Ferus as an undercover agent - a double-agent. But Ferus does not want to help him, until Palpatine threatens those people closest to his heart. Can Ferus do this and keep his allegiance to the Jedi Order? This book was released in August 2006.
12-year-old Katy Carr lives with her widowed father and her five brothers and sisters in a small midwestern town called Burnet. She dreams of someday doing something "grand" with her life - painting famous pictures, saving the lives of drowning people or leading a crusade on a white horse. After two years Aunt Izzie dies and Katy takes over the running of the household.
The book's 37 chapters are arranged into nine parts. Part 1 describes Atack's personal experience in the church. Parts 2&ndash;8 are a chronological history of L. Ron Hubbard, Dianetics and Scientology. Part 9 draws conclusions about the belief system of Scientology and its founder.
Dickory Dock, an art-school student in Greenwich Village, answers an ad for a job as a painter's assistant at Number 12 Cobble Lane. In her duties of cleaning paintbrushes and answering the door, she becomes involved in Garson's mysterious affairs. The two work together to solve several cases, which divide the book into six sections of four chapters each.
Quentin Hobson Clark witnesses a somber, simple funeral on October 8, 1849. He learns it was for author Edgar Allan Poe, with whom he had previously exchanged letters. Clark feels obliged to look into the mysterious circumstances surrounding Poe's death. Clark's journey takes him to Paris to seek out the real-life inspiration for Poe's character.
The novel begins with backstage performance jitters just before a musical performance at Carnegie Hall in New York. Jan Tusar, a young violinist, shot himself to death in front of witnesses and the violin has vanished in the furore. Fox works out the identity of Mrs. Piscus, calls together the suspects and reveals the solution.
The Drenai King is dead - murdered by a ruthless assassin. But there is hope. Stalked by men who act like beasts and beasts that walk like men. warrior Waylander must journey into the shadow-haunted lands of the Nadir to find the legendary Armour of Bronze. With this he can turn the tide.
Amandine is a journalist, working for a videogame magazine. One day, she gets fired, finds her boyfriend with another woman, and contemplates suicide. She finds a mysterious website, advocating an underground group named Exit. By killing someone who wishes to die, another member will try to kill you.
Dr. Edward Hawks runs a top-secret project for the U.S. Navy to investigate a deadly alien artifact found on the Moon. Volunteers enter and explore it, but are inevitably killed for violating the unknown alien rules in force within the structure. Hawks has created a matter transmitter, one which scans a person or object to make a copy at the receivers on the moon. The earthbound copy is placed in a state of sensory deprivation which allows him to share the experiences of the doppelgänger. None of the participants have been able to stay sane after experiencing death second hand.
Two young men who meet in Wyoming in 1963 forge a sudden emotional and sexual attachment, but soon part ways. As their separate lives play out with marriages, children and jobs, they reunite for brief liaisons on camping trips over the course of the next 20 years.
Bernice Summerfield is grieving since the death of Guy de Carnac. The Doctor takes her to a market on a planet called Crex in the Augon system. In a long, dark room, a teenager named Tim awakens from a dream. Unable to understand Benny's grief on a human level, the Doctor has purchased a device which alters his biodata.
The World Jones Made is set in 2002 AD. On a then-future post-apocalyptic Earth, there was a devastating conflict that involved the use of nuclear weapons. In this dystopia, Relativism emerged as the governing political orthodoxy. This sacrosanct principle is challenged by a man named Floyd Jones, whose assertions about the future prove correct.
Omega, the Gallifreyian scientist, leaves his wife to travel to the star. When he causes it to go supernova, his people will become Lords of Time. But things do not go as planned and Omega is lost inside a black hole. Millions of years later, an unknown version of the Doctor, his friend the Magistrate and star pupil Larna are preparing to host a peace conference.
A group of grim-eyed members of the assassins guild stalk Waylander, for a bounty of ten thousand in gold put on his head by Karnak. Miriel is a woman of fire and iron, skilled with bow and blade and taught her skills by one of the deadliest killers of all time.
Horace Holly and his ward Leo Vincey are convinced that Ayesha did not die. They wander for years through Asia, eventually coming to 'Thibet' Taking refuge over winter in a remote lamasery Leo and Holly are adopted by the Abbot of a monastery. After a perilous journey and many narrow escapes, they arrive in the city of Kaloon.
We Can Build You is set in the then-future year of 1982. It centers on Louis Rosen, a small businessman whose company produces spinets and electronic organs. Rosen's partner wants to begin production of simulacra, or androids, based on famous Civil War figures. The firm completes two prototypes, one of Edwin M. Stanton and one of Abraham Lincoln.
The Tree of Hands tells the story of an affluent young woman, Benet, who has a two-year-old son named James. A turn in events leads to Benet's mother kidnapping little Jason and "replacing" the dead James. The sub plot evolves into murder and betrayal, and a very clever twist involving the sale of a house in Hampstead.
In the 22nd Century, the Earth is ruled by the "New Men", humans with superhuman mental abilities. They share power with "Unusuals" that possess psionic abilities, such as telepathy, telekinesis and precognition. To fight them, Thors Provoni has gone deep into space to find help. Against this background, Nick Appleton and Willis Gram are political rivals.
Tallis Keeton disappears into Ryhope wood in Lavondyss, her father, James Keeton, disappears into the wood to locate her. Over one year of time passes in the outside world. When he turns up, he is clutching Moondream, one of Tallis' masks, and is placed in a mental hospital.
This chapter contains an exploration of the meaning of orientalism. Lewis laments that although the term has now been revived its usage has changed to that of a term of polemic abuse. Lewis attributes the success of Edward Said's book Orientalism to its anti-Western stance and its apparent simplification of complex problems.
 Bloody Bones is the sixth novel in the Anita Blake series. The novel is set shortly after the events of the previous novel, The Lunatic Cafe. The book is written by Anita Blake and published by Simon & Schuster in March 2013. The author has also written a short story, "The Last Vampire," which was published in October 2013.
Jax Pavan is one of the few Jedi Knights who miraculously survived the slaughter that followed Palpatine's ruthless Order 66. Now, deep in Coruscant's Blackpit Slums, Jax ekes out a living as a private investigator. Jax learns that his old Jedi Master has been killed, leaving behind the request that Jax finish a mission critical to the resistance.
Mike Raglan, a roughly middle-aged man who specializes in paranormal investigations has received urgent phone calls and mail from an old friend of his, Erik Hokart. Hokart was an independently wealthy scientist, inventor, and businessman who made The package contains Hokart's journal of his quasi-archaeological expedition. A man breaks into his room to try to steal the package, and is only finally sent off with a book Raglan wrote.
Pete Garden is one of several residents who own large swathes of property in a depopulated, post-apocalyptic future world. These residents are organized in groups of regular competitors who play a board game called "Bluff" These contestants stake their property, marriages and future status as eligible game players on its outcomes. The Game is administered by amorphous, silicon-based aliens from Titan, Saturn's largest satellite.
Grady Tucker and his sister Emily have moved to Florida with their scientist parents. Their father, Dr. Tucker, studied deer in Vermont until he came into possession of six Swamp Deer from South America. A hundred years ago, everyone in town caught something from the swamp that started with a fever.
 expanded version of The Unteleported Man includes a new first chapter and about one hundred pages of additional exposition. The novel in its current form is itself a tangled, chaotic jumble of interactions, perceptions and jump-cuts that leave the reader nearly as bewildered as Rachmael ben Applebaum himself.
Alban McGill, a member of the Wopuld family, has sold most of his shares in the family firm, and resigned from his job in the company to become a forester. He is distracted from affairs of business by his relations with his family and with his teenage love, his first cousin Sophie. McGill is approached by another cousin, Fielding, to help prevent the sale of the family company.
Luke Garner is an illegal third child living with a fake ID at the Hendricks School for Boys. The general plot revolves around an allegedly overpopulated world and the Government's attempts to arrest the symptoms of population growth and scarcity amongst the Earth's resources. Luke is accepted into Jason's group, but is still too frightened to give his real name.
The novel is set in the town of Comala, considered to be Comala in the Mexican state of Colima. The story begins with the first person account of Juan Preciado, who promises his mother at her deathbed that he will return to Comala to meet his father, Pedro Páramo.
Archie has recently joined the Army and is now Major Goodwin. His high rank reflects the fact that the Army recognizes and is making use of his civilian expertise. Archie is assigned to domestic intelligence, specifically a unit based back in New York City, where Archie lived with his erstwhile boss Nero Wolfe before enlisting.
Kirk's Mirror Universe double, has risen to power as the evil Emperor Tiberius. This alternate universe version has failed in his quest to learn the secrets of the advanced 'First Federation' To complicate matters, Kirk's wife Teilani is deathly ill.
A middle-aged man takes the train in Paris to visit his lover, Cécile, in Rome. They have met in secret once a month for the past two years i.e. each time that his business trips have taken him to the Italian capital. He now intends to tell her that he has finally decided to leave his wife.
The title of the book is a reference to a book by Richard Plant called The Pink Triangle: The Nazi War Against Homosexuals. According to the authors, homosexuality found in the Nazi Party contributed to the extreme militarism of Nazi Germany. The book states that many leaders in the German Nazi regime, including Adolf Hitler himself, were homosexual.
A group of vampire-assassins are travelling into the past in an attempt to kill previous Slayers, and disrupt the Slayer lineage. They are led by the spellcaster Lucien, whose aim is to ensure that Buffy does not interfere with the ascension of the Master. When they discover that killing Buffy in the past merely changes the way in which the Master is killed, they decide to go further back.
The book is divided into three parts. Part I discusses the motivation and justification for the entire project. Part II uses the tools of evolutionary biology and memetics to suggest possible theories. Part III analyzes religion and its effects in today's world. Is religion what gives meaning to life? What should we teach the children?
A serial killer is terrorizing the senior citizens of Denton, and the local police are succumbing to a flu epidemic. Tired and demoralized, the force has to contend with a seemingly perfect young couple suffering arson attacks and death threats. In uncertain charge of the investigations is Detective Inspector Jack Frost, crumpled and slapdash as ever.
Keller was a beginning sheep rancher in British Columbia when he came upon Lass, an unwanted, abused border collie. He took her home and worked with her. Through his loving care she began to soften and eventually became a wonderful, helpful, and obedient sheep dog.
War between Earth and insectoid-dominated Alpha III ended over a decade ago. Earth intends to secure its now independent colony in the Alphane system. Chuck Rittersdorf and his wife Mary are separating. Although they think they are going their separate ways, they soon find themselves together again.
The inhabitants of a planet called Iszm have evolved the native giant trees into living homes. The Iszic maintain a jealously-guarded monopoly, exporting only enough trees to keep prices high and make a great profit. The protagonist, Ailie Farr, is a human botanist who goes to IszM to steal a female tree, which might allow the propagation of the species off world.
Two years after his release from Camp Green Lake, Theodore "Armpit" Johnson is living in Austin, Texas. While working at the mayor's home, he is approached by Rex "X-Ray" Washburn. Singer Kaira DeLeon, upon discovering the Armpit invents a culprit to avert suspicion.
 Animorphs meet survivors of Elfangor's Dome Ship, the GalaxyTree. One Andalite called Gafinilan-Estrif-Valad suffers from a genetic disease called Soola's Disease. Mertil-Iscar-Elmand is crippled, or a vecol, as Ax puts it, missing half of his tail.
In the mid-19th century, Father Gstir is sent from Bavaria to Canada to minister to German-Catholic communities. He is drawn to Shoneval, a farming town situated in a valley in Ontario. Joseph Becker, a master woodcarver, helps him. Later, Becker tries to pass on his carving skills to his grandson, Tilman. Tilman suffers from constant restlessness and is unable to stay in one place.
The novel tells the story of Pat, a student during her second gap year. She is accepted as a new tenant at 44 Scotland Street in Edinburgh's New Town. She falls in love with her narcissistic flatmate Bruce. She also meets the intriguing and opinionated anthropologist Domenica MacDonald.
Hilary struggles to be a worthy replacement of his High Church predecessor, yet bring new meaning to his ministry. At one point he delivers a striking mid-week sermon to young men and begins to read the following passage from Proverbs. This passage, which seems to say there is a place, after all, for romance in the life of a pious man, was revolutionary to read aloud, even though it is straight from the King James Bible.
Hornblower has just finished his tour blockading Brest in command of the Royal Navy sloop Hotspur. As he travels back to England for his next assignment, he is asked to participate in the court martial of Hotspur's new captain and officers. Hotspur ran aground and was lost the day after Hornblower turned over command. On their way, they are pursued by a French brig, which they engage and disable. During the battle, he finds important papers in the French captain's quarters.
Catherine Cassilis, known as Coquette, born in France and orphaned by the recent death of her father. She comes to Airlie near Saltcoats in Southern Scotland, to live with her uncle, the Minister. Her Catholic upbringing brings her into immediate conflict with the sternly Presbyterian household. She seeks sympathy and friendship with the more free-spirited nobleman, Lord Earlshope.
In McKinley's version of the classic fairy tale, Sleeping Beauty, a wicked fairy named Pernicia places a curse on the baby, claiming that the child will, on her 21st birthday, prick her finger on a spindle and fall into deathly sleep. The cursed princess is rescued on her name-day and secretly taken away by a young fairy, Katriona, to her village, a town called Foggy Bottom, located in the damp and swampy section of the country known as The Gig. Throughout the book, Rosie grows from a headstrong, stubborn child into an intelligent and courageous young woman.
Mr. March, an abolitionist and chaplain, is driven by his conscience to leave his home and family in Concord, Massachusetts, in order to participate in the war. The novel accurately reflects Bronson Alcott's principles, notably his belief that boys and girls of all races had a right to education. It presents the young Mrs March as a fiery character with strong verbal and physical expressions of anger.
Will Fuller, a grade nine student, is in history class with his best friend James Bennett. James tells the class how he will be going with his dad, a firefighter, to work tomorrow. Will is dreading tomorrow as he must Will and his dad first visit the Observation Deck before returning to their office. Afterwards, he returns to his dad's room, where a sudden, loud noise rocks them.
The Crew land on a Venusian type planet with a dense, hot, poisonous atmosphere. Matt hooks up with a woman named Laney and is in the middle of having sex with her when Implementation agents raid the house. Matt manages to escape in a stolen car. The Implementation chase him to the edge of the Plateau where Matt tries to enter the Hospital where the captured Sons of Earth have been taken and rescue Laney.
The novel is based in a future where the majority of the human population live underground. The arrival of the Fireclown in the lower levels of the underground city and his performances featuring fire captivate those who see it. He is thought by Simon Powys to be a dangerous rebel, his niece thinks conversely that the FireClown is there to reignite people's passion for democracy.
Catherine, Called Birdy provides an insider's look at the life of Catherine Rollo, 14, the daughter of a minor English nobleman. The book contains information about the food, dress, religious beliefs, manners, health, medical practices, and sanitary habits of the people of her day.
Hinxma is the first novel by Scottish author Alistair MacLean. Martinus Harinxma gets his first command, at an earlier age and under much more difficult conditions than he would otherwise have Dutch sailors feel that they are being set up as cannon fodder. The same background, with the combination of extreme belligerent action and inhospitable nature pushes protagonists to the edge of endurance.
In the novel's first section, the protagonist loses his teaching job due to a false accusation of seducing a 10th-grade student. He then seduces the student, and having done so, departs on a trip to France. In France he assumes the name of a friend, 'Herbert', and pretends to be a curator looking for lost drawings of Allan Stein. The protagonist uses his new identity to become close to the son of his hosts, a moody 15-year-old.
Lone Wolf, Kai Grand Master of Sommerlund, has just completed a successful quest. He learns that the Dark God Naar is about to send a large group of fire-breathing dragons against the Kai Monastery. Lone Wolf has to deal with assassins sent to intercept him before he can reach the monastery.
This is the second half of Lone Wolf's apprentice's voyage to the Isle of Lorn to return the Moonstone to its proper place among the Shianti. The book is notable for retracing, in a sense, the steps of the protagonist Grey Star. Major characters and events from that series, such as Grey Star and Agarash the Damned, are referenced in passing.
According to Luxenberg, the Qur'an was not written in classical Arabic. It was written in a mixed Arabic-Syriac language, the traders' language of Mecca. The idea is in serious disagreement with the views of both traditional Muslims and western scholars of Islam.
Eva's narration takes the form of letters written after the massacre to her presumably estranged husband, Franklin Plaskett. In these letters, she details her relationship with her husband well before and leading up to their son's conception, followed by the events of Kevin's life up to the school massacre. She also admits to a number of events that she tried to keep secret, such as when she lashed out and broke Kevin's arm in a sudden fit of rage. These scenes portray their cold, adversarial relationship.
The book begins at the funeral of its protagonist. The remainder of the book, which ends with his death, looks mournfully back on episodes from his life. The unnamed everyman, while an ordinary man and not a famous novelist, has much in common with Philip Roth.
Gobbolino was born to be a witch's cat with his pure black twin sister, Sootica. While his sister is quite happy to learn spells and turn mice into toads, Gobbolino longs for a humble kitchen cat. He embarks on a great adventure to seek out his heart's desire.
The Prince Horace can be spoiled and, craving attention from his father, he frequently misbehaves. Therefore, his family provides him with a whipping boy, Jemmy, an orphaned boy who will be punished in the prince's stead. When the prince decides to run away on a whim he demands that Jemmy act as his servant during his journey. While on the run, the boys are picked up by two notorious highwaymen, Hold-Your-Nose Billy and Cutwater, who hatch a scheme to ransom the prince. Jemmy talks them into believing that he is the prince, and sets into motion a plan of escape.
Long ago, Vashna, the greatest of all Darklords, was defeated in battle by King Ulnar of Sommerlund. While his body was destroyed, his spirit, as well as the spirits of his troops, remain trapped deep within the Maakengorge. Now, Lone Wolf learns of strange sightings in the area, suggesting that there may be a plot afoot to resurrect the Darklord.
Obi-Wan Kenobi is on a mission. Along with the former Jedi apprentice Ferus Olin and a headstrong kid named Trever, he is trying to keep the Jedi's most important secret safe from the inquisitive Empire. With Boba Fett on their trail and time running out, Obi-Wan, Ferus and Trever must make some daring and desperate escapes...into even more Danger.
As a Jedi apprentice, Ferus Olin had to leave the Jedi Temple in disgrace. Now he must return to redeem himself-and save the future of the Jedi Order. The Empire now controls the temple and everything inside...including an imprisoned Jedi. Ferus and his street kid partner, Trever, must plunge into the depths of Coruscant in order to free this Jedi.
Ex-Jedi Ferus Olin has been imprisoned by the Empire. His crime? Trying to save the Jedi Order. Ferus's quest is going to take him to the planet of Naboo. A secret vital to the survival of the Jedi and the entire galaxy is being kept... and is in danger of being revealed.
Dr. Conway must deal with an unconscious patient, classification ELPH, who may be a cannibal or a demigod, or both. The Empire that controls the Planet of Etla misinterprets Lonvellin's efforts as an Act of War, the Empire declares war on the Sector General space hospital. After a brutal series of attacks, and with the hospital on the brink of defeat, a group of Federation and Empire soldiers convince Conway to help in a mutiny against the Federation commander Dermod.
Conway is replaced on the ambulance ship Rhabwar by Diagnostician Prilicla. Conway visits healer Khone on the planet Goglesk, and witnesses first-hand their destructive racial mass-hysteria response to physical proximity. Back at Hospital Station, Conway decides to treat some Hudlar accident victims with a rear-to-front limb transplant.
The protagonist of the story is Sommaradvan healer Cha Thrat. She bravely saved a human pilot who crashlanded on her planet, despite a complete lack of knowledge about his physiology. Due to the chaos she causes, every department in the hospital now refuses to allow her near their patients.
Dejected Surgeon-Captain Lioren is disappointed that his Court-martial has rejected the death penalty for him. He is plagued with guilt, because he is responsible for the genocide of an entire race. At moments during his new tasks, he ponders the individual events that led up to the alien deaths.
A famous chef wangles an appointment to Sector General for the challenge of creating food for so many different species. He first meets the swimming "crocodile-like" Chaldars, who complain that their food is unsatisfying. Next, he learns that the spray-on food used to nourish the Hudlar is uninteresting.
A man suffers from multiple mysterious illnesses and allergic reactions. Finally he is sent to Sector General as a last resort. He befriends his fellow alien patients, telling them his life history. Rather than dismissing his complaints, the attentive hospital doctors develop a theory. At the scene of a childhood accident that seems to have started it all, explanations are found.
Sector General's director O'Mara is headed for retirement. His memories of life at the hospital are shown through flashbacks. In the book's 'present' time he goes through the process of selecting his own replacement. The book is published by Simon & Schuster at £16.99.
Lone Wolf is given the Seal of Hammerdal and sets off on a ship bound for Durenor. When a traitor on board sabotages the ship, he is forced to make his way on foot to Dure Nor. Lone Wolf is the only survivor of the Kai Order, who were destroyed by Darklord Zagarna.
Falco is called upon by the Emperor Vespasian to supply answers, as quietly and quickly as possible. A couple of murders, a kidnapping or two, and more suspects than Falco cares to count takes him, and his patrician girlfriend Helena Justina, to places a family shouldn't have to go.
The story takes place in a fictional 1998, and centers around Anarch Peak, a black religious leader who had died in 1971 and is expected to rise soon. Various groups are interested in controlling the affairs of the 'old-born', such as the Vitaria and the Library. In the end Peak is killed and there may be an interracial war as a consequence.
The adventures between the two friends range from the real life to the extraordinarily fanciful. The book deals with the themes of shyness, with the birth of new siblings, and with the joys of an active imaginations. It even touches on death within the family.
Betsy returns to New York from her European trip, where Joe Willard is waiting for her. He wants to take her to Tiffany's and buy an engagement ring, but the more practical Betsy suggests he buys a wedding band instead. She breaks the news of her engagement to her family, who are appalled that Joe wants to marry Betsy without first asking her father and without having a job in Minnesota.
Anita and Richard go to a dinner party at Anita's friend Catherine's house. There, they meet one of Jean-Claude's vampires, Robert, and his wife, Monica. Monica announces that she is pregnant, which Anita suspects. Anita suspects that someone is in her apartment, and, while Richard helps Mrs. Pringle move a television, she engages in a gun battle. She ultimately kills Jimmy Dugan, a local thug.
Frank, Joe, Chet and Tony travel to Puerto Rico to investigate the mystery behind a coded letter they received from their Hardy father. But with danger following their move and man who has an uncanny resemblance to Joe, the boys are running out of time! Can they save their father before it's too late?
The plot concerns the efforts of an astronaut and geologist/anthropologist, known to the natives as "Purple", to escape from a primitive world on which he is stranded. The events are seen from the perspective of Lant, one of the natives, who becomes, in the course of the novel, Speaker of his people. The book shows how sufficiently advanced technology would be perceived by a primitive society.
In the near future, a race riot results in the destruction of an area just outside Los Angeles. In order to prevent the area from devolving into a tent slum, the city sells the construction rights to a private company. Todos Santos is compared to a feudal society, with loyalty and obligations running both ways.
Ai no Kusabi takes place on the world of Amoi, ruled by a computer named Jupiter. Under Jupiter's restrictions, the Blondies are sterile and forbidden from indulging in sexual activities. They keep "pets" for about a year, for purely voyeuristic purposes, before discarding them. Riki the Dark is a slum mongrel without an ID number.
The story opens with a panoramic view of the Salinas Valley in winter, shrouded in fog. The focus narrows and finally settles on Elisa Allen, cutting down the spent stalks of Chrysanthemums in the garden on her husband's ranch. Elisa envies the man's life on the road and is attracted to him because he understands her love of flowers.
The three Bone cousins are lost in the desert. After finding a mysterious seemingly hand-drawn map they are attacked by a swarm of locusts. Fone Bone barely escapes with his life, but falls off a cliff. The Great Red Dragon appears, announcing its arrival with Phoney Bone.
Krzy|acy tells the story of a young nobleman, Zbyszko of Bogdaniec. He falls in love with the lovely Danusia, who is traveling with the court of the Duchess Anna. He swears to her his knight's oath and promises to bring her "three trophies" from the Teutonic Knights.
Shigeko, the eldest daughter and heir, has been trained as a boy as she will inherit the domain of Maruyama when she comes of age. Maya and Miki are seen as cursed not only because of the curse of the Tribe, but also because they have no Tribe talents. Arai Zenko and his wife Hana have allied with the Saga Hideki, a warlord who has conquered the rest of the Eight Islands. Muto Kenji, at the
Shigeru and Shirakawa Kaede spend six years apart, during which time Lady Maruyama's daughter Mariko is taken hostage in Iida's castle. They meet only occasionally, and when a lone Yanagi warrior attempts Takeshi is killed in a fight in Yamagata and later buried at Terayama. Shigeru renames him Takeo, and plans to adopt him, and together they would destroy Iida Sad.
Arthur Youngblood Hawke is the story of an ex-Navy man who comes to New York to publish his first great novel, Alms for Oblivion. Over continents and over a surprisingly short number of years, Arthur Hawke feverishly pens five novels. His fame carries with it great wealth but Arthur has a weakness for building wealth fast. In the end, he works himself to death between the money he owes ; jealousy over Jeanne, the love of his life, who married once to spite him.
Eric Hodgins wrote a sequel, Blandings Way, published in 1950. The short story and novel were based on the author's experience with buying property and building a house in the Merryall area of the Litchfield County, Connecticut, town of New Milford. Hodgins's former house sold in August 2004 for $1.2 million.
 Hubbard's book was written as a guide for Scientologist auditors. It proposes that the human body actually houses two separate entities. The most important is a thetan, the spiritual being said to be the "true self" Hubbard claims we have buried memories of past lives as clams, sloths, and cavemen. He claims those memories - or engrams - affect us today.
In 1805, Hornblower travels with his very pregnant wife and their son to London on a canal boat via the Thames and Severn Canal and the Thames. He is excited about getting his new orders and obtaining his first command as a post-captain. His first assignment is a unique one: to organise Admiral Nelson's funeral. He then helps capture a Spanish ship, the Castilla, and makes his way into a Sicilian port for repairs.
24: One Shot is set eighteen months before the events of Season 1. Jack Bauer is the main protagonist of the TV series. He has been assigned from the FBI by Division to become the new Director of Field Operations at the LA CTU. His first assignment is to personally protect Moira O'Neal, a beautiful but dangerous former terrorist.
Falco arrives home in Rome with Helena Justina and Julia Junilla Laeitana, his new baby daughter. Falco and Petronius sneak out for a drink in a nearby street next to a fountain, which is not working. When a worker turns up to clean it, it is revealed that a severed hand had blocked the aqueduct.
Like most of the Henry Huggins books, the incidents in this book follow an ongoing plot line. In this case, Henry wants to go on a salmon-fishing trip with his father. However, Henry's father says that Henry can only come on the trip if he can keep Ribsy out of trouble for a month. Henry is able to do this, and Ribsy actually helps him catch an enormous Chinook salmon.
The action opens on a planet called 'Prince Samual's World' Bombed heavily during the Secession Wars, it has spent 400 years in isolation. Colonel Nathan MacKinnie is famous for his masterful defense of the city- The Second Empire, allied with Haven, wipe out most of Orleans' troops. With few troops left, McKinnie is defeated and is forced to surrender.
Five children, Claudia, Colin, Pixie, Ralph and Robbo arrive at an old mansion known as Harwick Hall on a school trip. Upon reaching the hall, they discover a secret room. Claudia notices a diary on the desk belonging to previous owner Richard Harwick. The children read his story; apparently Richard had run away from home after the death of his father and his mother's subsequent remarriage. This sparks a discussion of Richard's actions between the children. The discussion leads to each of them divulging their own family problems.
The story opens in August/September 1914. Rose Sayer, a 33-year-old Englishwoman, is the companion and housekeeper of her brother Samuel, an Anglican missionary in Central Africa. The main German defence against a British attack by water is the gunboat Königin Luise, which guards the fictional Lake Wittelsbach.
A BOAC airplane crash-lands on the Greenland ice cap after flying in a seemingly erratic fashion. A scientific research team based near the crash site rescues the surviving passengers and takes them to their station. Captain Hillcrest sets out after the group but soon finds that the petrol he picked up the station has been tampered with.
Gregor is left home alone with Boots and his grandmother while his mother, Grace, takes his other sister, Lizzie, off to summer camp. The story revolves around a prophecy that centers around young Gregor himself, and how he, the "Warrior", as the Underlanders call him, will fulfill this prophecy.
Short story details two astronomers caught outside their base on the Moon as a battle rages between the forces of Earth and the Federation of the outer planets of the solar system. Differs dramatically from the novel in chronology - the story is set in c.2015, while the novel is c.2175.
Barton Royal is an overweight man in his 40s who is obsessed with boys. He travels out of state to find and abduct a suitable young boy so he can be his "father" The narrative includes glimpses of Barton's miserable childhood, especially the physical and sexual abuse he suffered at the hands of his father.
Flinch, the young spotter, is involved in a terrible accident in 1962. Over a decade later, Flinch has become a recluse, unable to move on from that fatal moment. It is only after crossing paths with Karma, a girl living in one of the hinterland's first hippie communes, that Flinch gradually and reluctantly embarks upon a path towards healing.
HMS Artemis is part of a convoy heading to Malta escorted by five Royal Navy light cruisers. An Italian surface fleet, with the battleships San Martino and Legnano, will intercept it soon. The crew, from the command level officers on the bridge down to the ordinary seamen, prepares for the coming confrontation.
High Prince Rohan, Sioned, Pol and Andry must defend their land against a large army of barbarians. No one knows where this army comes from or why they are attacking the Continent. Rohan and Pol are forced to flee across the Desert as they are pursued. Along the way, they discover the enemy's fear of dragons.
Mort Rainey is a successful novelist in Maine. One day, he is confronted by a man from Mississippi named John Shooter, who claims Mort plagiarized a story he wrote. Shooter leaves, but not before leaving his manuscript, "Secret Window, Secret Garden". Mort notices that Shooter left without his story; he drops it in the trash can. When Mort's housemaid recovers the manuscript-thinking it belongs to Mort-he discovers that it is almost identical to his short story "Sowing Season". The two differ, but very slightly; they share the same plot elements.
Sam Peebles is asked to give a speech to the Rotary Club. He checks out two books with the warning that they must be returned or he should beware of the Library Policeman. Naomi eventually informs us that Ardelia Lortz is not living and is not spoken of any more.
When Zack got his certificate, the open-air chapel is squashed by a giant-brown-blob. Everyone fails to get out except for Zack, his bum and Eleanor. Robobum transports them back in to herself and turns Zack uses his certificate as a cape that a matador uses.
The book presents various sketches of fearsome critters from North American folklore, with descriptions by Cox preceded by full-page landscape illustrations by du Bois. Each animal is assigned a Latin classification , afterward noting their habitat, physical makeup, and behavior. At the end of each account; however, there is usually a brief anecdote detailing an encounter with the creature.
The novel concerns a young priest, Amaro, who serves as diocesan administrator at Leiria. Amaro lacks a vocation, having been pushed into the priesthood by his aristocratic patrons. He falls for Amélia, the beautiful daughter of his landlady, a pious widow and the mistress of his superior, Canon Dias. The novel ends in tragedy when she becomes pregnant, and is forced to seclude herself in the countryside for the duration of the pregnancy.
The book is set shortly after Jabba the Hutt's barge is destroyed and flashes back to when the Bounty Hunters Guild still existed. The book mainly talks about the web in which Boba Fett is trapped. The Assembler's web-like home is a set of extruded neural fibers along which semi-independent multi-legged nodes run.
Special Agent Aloysius Pendergast is the focus of this novel as his evil brother Diogenes puts several plans into effect. Concurrently, the New York Museum of Natural History has re-opened an old tomb, closed down decades ago. Rumours abound of the tomb being cursed, but most tombs do have a curse on them as a matter of course, as a protection against grave robbers.
Another Hope is an alternative history re-imagining of the events in Star Wars Episode IV: A New Hope. Mixing familiar moments from the film with new story material, Jareo drew inspiration and mixed in elements from the prequel films. The book deals in minute details of the Death Star, the politics of Darth Vader's henchmen and insight into Vader and Princess Leia Organa's adoptive parents.
When the book begins, the Cocciolone family is packing for their new life aboard the Mayflower. The family consists of Carol Jeanne, her husband Red, their daughters Lydia and Emmy, and Red's parents Mamie and Stef. They take a shuttle to the Ark during which Lovelock is ashamed of his primitive, terrified response to free-fall.
Retired Rear Admiral Peter Legg has a delicate problem. He is suffering from satyriasis and his constant craving for sexual excitement with the local Madam, Miss Forde, has left him broke and despondent. In desperation he attends a newly opened sexual addiction clinic run by the handsome, breakfast TV doctor Ryan Hooper. When this fails to solve his problems he decides to employ a young private detective, Twyford Fripp, to track down his wife and hopefully bring her back.
Robinette Broadhead returns in this novel, a married millionaire with health problems. He still attempts to research more about the Heechee and their technology. At the same time, a madman named Wan attempts to search for his father within black holes. The journeys of these past and future friends of Robinette begin to converge.
The protagonist is a survivalist named Chaos, who lives in an abandoned megaplex in Wyoming after an apparent nuclear strike. The residents of his town of Hatfork are reliant on a sinister messianic figure named Kellogg for food. Kellogg also has powerful dreams, which he transfers into the minds of others.
In The Iron Hand of Mars, Falco is sent to Germania Liberi in the aftermath of a rebellion. He is dispatched by Vespasian to deliver a new standard and give a report on the Legio XIV Gemina. He also searches for the rebel leader Julius Civilis and encounters the priestess Veleda.
This is the first novel in the series and introduces the main characters as well as establishing relationships that continue and grow throughout the whole series. Falco stumbles upon a conspiracy in the trading of silver ingots, but not before it claims the life of a young girl whom Falco meets and is smitten with. After being rescued by Helena and a friendly centurion, Falco heads back to Rome, as the reluctant charge of the even more reluctant Helena.
"Ali and Nino" is the story of an Azerbaijani youth who falls in love with a Georgian princess. Much of the novel is set in Baku's Old City on the eve of the Bolshevik Revolution beginning around 1917-1918. The book describes the love of Ali for Nino, with excursions to mountain villages.
Thorn, Gran'ma Ben and the Bone cousins attend the spring fair, an annual market and festival in the town that culminates in the Great Cow Race. Fone Bone is driven to jealousy when Tom, the handsome honey seller, flirts with Thorn, so he decides to get some honey for her himself. He eventually gets the honey, but sees Thorn sharing some honey with Tom. At the end, Thorn meets Tom at the fair, but finds he is with another girl.
Lucius, Smiley and Phoney Bone set off back for the Barrelhaven. A fierce storm strikes up en route, and the wagon is ambushed by Rat Creatures. Smiley Bone leads a charge to safety, but sends the wagon The trio are attacked by Rat creatures, and Fone Bone calls out to the Great Red Dragon for help. Once again he appears and scares them away.
Gran'ma Ben suffers an attack of her gitchy feeling - a dizziness that has long been her omen of impending trouble. Phoney Bone's tales of dangerous dragons make his end of the bar the most popular. Kingdok sees Ben and Thorn as the queen and crown princess of old, and describes them to himself as "Earth and Sky"
Fone Bone and Smiley Bone trek into the Eastern Mountains to set free the baby Rat Creature, who Smiley names Bartleby. During an effort to ditch the two, they encounter the giant mountain lion Rock Jaw. Rock Jaw finds Roque Ja escorts Smiley and Fone higher into the mountains, against their wills. The possum kids have been tracking them since they disappeared from the Barrelhaven compound.
Thorn, Fone and Smiley lie low for a few days while planning an attack on The Hooded One. The Lord of the Locusts has doubts that the one who bears the star is as powerful as the Hooded At Old Man's Cave, the survivors of the Rat Creature attack are gathered, along with a group of Veni Yan warriors.
Bones, Thorn and Gran'ma Ben flee the collapsing mountain. Fone Bone and Smiley lead them to the tunnel they used to escape from Roque Ja. They remain undecided whether to return to Old Man's Cave or press on to the old capital, Atheia. A scout party of Rat Creatures discovers their camp.
The chapter starts with Briar, Queen Lunaria and Lunaria's husband the king at Dragon's Stair. Because of the enemies attacking, Thorn is given to her grandmother, Rose Harvestar. Taneal, a prophetess-like child featured in the previous collection, brings them a hammer to break their shackles.
Hornblower has recently returned to England from the Pacific in the frigate HMS Lydia. He gained widespread fame as a result of sinking the superior ship Natividad in battle. As a reward for his exploits, he is given command of HMS Sutherland. He is assigned to serve under Rear Admiral Leighton, Lady Barbara Wellesley's new husband.
Princess Cimorene is frustrated by her life and persuades the castle staff to teach her fencing, magic, cooking, Latin, and other interesting subjects that are considered "improper" for princesses to learn. She meets a group of dragons, and volunteers to become the "captive" princess of the dragon Kazul. She learns that they plan to arrange her marriage to an annoying prince.
The legendary King Vikram, identified as Vikramaditya, promises a vamachari that he will capture a vetala. The vetala is a celestial spirit who hangs from a tree and inhabits and animates dead bodies. Each time Vikram tries to capture the vetala, it tells a story that ends with a riddle. If Vikram cannot answer the question correctly, the vampire consents to remain in captivity.
The protagonist of the story is Elizabeth, a young woman who is taking time away from college to earn a bit of money and discover a sense of direction. By happenstance, she ends up landing in Baltimore near the home of Mrs. Pamela Emerson, a recent widow and the mother of seven grown children. Elizabeth and the Emersons end up changing each other's lives in fundamental ways.
The novel is told from many points of view, including that of Henry Wirz, the camp commandant, who was later executed. It also features William Collins, a Union soldier and one of the leaders of the "Raiders" The novel was not the basis for a 1996 John Frankenheimer film Andersonville.
Joe Sacco visits Gorazde, a mainly Bosniak enclave in eastern Bosnia surrounded by hostile Serb-dominated regions. Sacco gets a first-hand view of the war's brutal effect on the town. Bosnian Serbs and Bosniaks now go to separate cafés. Vigilantes raised from both sides patrol the streets and night.
Brother Fish is a story spanning four continents and eighty years though the story primarily takes place in Australia and Korea. The story deals with the friendship of Jacko McKenzie, a native of the Queen's Island in the Bass Strait, and James "Jimmy' Pentecost Oldcorn, an orphan American ex-soldier. The two have been meeting at the Gallipoli Bar of the ANZAC Hotel, Launceston, Tasmania for 33 years.
Brian Robeson, a 14-year-old boy who spent 54 days surviving alone in the Canadian wilderness the previous summer, is hired by the government to repeat his actions again. This time, instead of being alone, Brian is accompanied by Derek Holtzer, a government psychologist. During their stay, things take a grim turn when their camp is struck by lightning, which knocks Derek into a coma and destroys the radio. Knowing that Derek will die of dehydration long before anyone finds them, Brian builds a raft in a desperate bid to bring Derek down the river to Brannock's Trading Post for emergency aid.
Faust is not divided into acts, but is structured as a sequence of scenes in a variety of settings. Mephistopheles leads Faust through the "small" and "great" worlds. The "small world" is the topic of Faust I, while the "great world", escaping also the limitations of time, is reserved for Faust.
In The Unlimited Dream Company, a man named Blake crashes a stolen aircraft into the River Thames outside the London suburb of Shepperton. Whether he survives the crash, to become a sort of supernatural messiah for the small town, or if he actually drowns, and dying, imagines the whole thing, is never truly revealed. Contradictory hints are scattered throughout the novel which may support both interpretations.
It is to be a mass market paperback. One of the leading Star Wars cover illustrators is Cliff Nielson. It is supposedly the last in a series of three books by Michael Reaves. It will be preceded by two books that will have reappearing characters from the Medstar Duology, told within the Star Wars: Clone Wars series.
The teens help the police arrest three wanted criminals. Pastor Bruce Barnes is teaching them about the events to come during the Tribulation. But one question still remains... who is the Antichrist? They find out for sure near the end of the book when a journalist tells his nightmarish story of Nicolae Carpathia.
The future history of the world is laid out in this book. It begins in 2001 with many minor conflicts taking place around the world. The United Kingdom and the USA invade Iraq as the final action of a failing US president. The Islamic Alliance is united behind a Saladin-like figure and forms an alliance of convenience with Russia.
Uhtred of Bebbanburg makes his way back to his native Northumbria seeking revenge against his uncle Ælfric and childhood enemies Sven the One-Eyed and Kjartan the Cruel. Uhtred disguises himself as Thorguild the Leper, Dark Swordsman of Niffelheim, and convinces Sven he is sent from the dead to haunt him. He frees Danish King Guthred of Cumbraland from the slave pens.
Lone Wolf is charged by the King of Sommerlund to investigate the disappearance of a troop of cavalry. The cavalry, led by a man named Captain D'Val, themselves disappeared under mysterious circumstances. Lone Wolf, along with the fifty Sommlending soldiers who accompany him, must uncover the truth surrounding the missing men and stop the resurrection of an ancient and terrible evil.
Once more, the reader must set out on a mission bestowed upon him by the king. This time, the mission is a diplomatic one, in which a crucial peace treaty must be signed in the far away desert empire of Vassagonia. But as always, things are more complex than they seem, and peace is elusive.
The action takes place during the winter of 1811; the Peninsular War appears to have been won&mdash;by the French. Cádiz is the only major Spanish town still holding out. Sharpe finds himself drawn into a deadly game of intrigue between the British spymaster Lord Pumphrey and a shadowy murderous faction.
Lone Wolf is the last of the Kai and pledges to restore their glory. He must retrieve the Lore Stones led only by the wisdom of Sun Eagle, the First Kai Grandmaster. Lone Wolf sets off for Varetta in the Stornlands, far to the south of Sommerlund.
In his quest to attain Kai Grand Master status, Lone Wolf must seek out and find 7 Lorestones. The location of the next Lorestone is revealed as the remote township of Herdos. Lone Wolf is directed by friendly Elder Magi to search within the accursed fortress of Kazan-Oud, otherwise known as "Castle Death"
Lone Wolf and the reader now seek out the third Lorestone. The location of this Lorestone is thought to be hidden in a temple deep within a jungle-swamp known as the Danarg. Over the years, this fetid swamp has become the home for any number of evil creatures who seek to protect the jungle and its treasures.
Lone Wolf races against time to recover the remaining Lorestones. The next one resides deep underground, beneath the streets of Tahou. If it falls to the Darklords and their Vassagonian allies before the Lorestone is recovered, the hopes of Lone Wolf completing the Magnakai quest will be thwarted forever.
The three remaining Lorestones have fallen into the hands of the Darklords. It is rumored that the stones are being kept in the grim Drakkarim fortress-city of Torgar. The adventure ends with an exciting twist, which threatens to banish Lone Wolf from Magnamund for all time.
Lone Wolf finds himself trapped on the Daziarn Plane. He must join strange allies and face old enemies if he hopes to make his way back to save his homeland from destruction at the hands of the Darklords and their powerful new armies. The book is published by Simon & Schuster, Inc.
After his struggles in the plane of Daziarn, Lone Wolf finally recovers the last of the Lorestones and finds a Shadow Gate back to his home. Unfortunately, upon his return, he finds that considerable time has passed and that, in his absence, the Darklords have conquered much of Magnamund. Lone Wolf must travel to the very heart of the Darklord's foul realm, to the infernal city of Helgedad, and confront Archlord Gnaag himself.
After the events of the previous series of books, Lone Wolf has taken up training new Kai recruits. Even though peace reigns for the moment, chaos is once again poised to unfold. A group of Cenerese druids plot to unleash a massive plague upon all of Magnamund. Lone Wolf and the reader must find the source of this plague and destroy it before it can be released.
Three months after the events of The Plague Lords of Ruel, Lone Wolf learns that his friend, Guildmaster Banedon, has been abducted by a band of Giaks. It is theorized that they are planning to torture him to extract magical techniques which can be united with their own dark sorcery. Lone Wolf and the reader must attempt a rescue before he meets his demise, or worse, yields the coveted magical secrets.
Once more, Lone Wolf's help is sought by a monarch, this time King Sarnac of Lencia. The Lencians have discovered that Magnaarn seeks an ancient artifact, the Doomstone of Darke. It is feared that he is close to discovering this artifact, and with it, the power to rally the Nadziranim sorcerers and other Darklord allies.
In this book you again travel to the Plane of Darkness. Your quest involves rescuing an artifact crafted by the Lords of Light - the Moonstone. Dare you face up to the Dark God Naar himself? The Moonstone is an artifact that can only be found on the plane of darkness.
Tash and Zak Arranda are preteen siblings whose parents were killed when the Galactic Empire destroyed their home planet of Alderaan. With nowhere else to go, they began to travel with their Uncle Hoole. DV-9 meets Shada in a cave. He shows her a seemingly bottomless pit, which she feels there is something wrong with.
Zak and Tash visit a family friendly theme park called 'Hologram Fun World' They discover that the attraction, the 'Nightmare Machine', is far more than it seems. For one, the voice code to end the simulation is broken. Lando Calrissian appears, interested in purchasing the theme park.
Princess Leia, Han Solo, Chewbacca, Luke Skywalker, and C-3PO all make an appearance in the book as they attempt to stop Project Starscream. The shadow creatures inhabiting Kiva were reduced to that state by an accident caused by Gog and Hoole.
A murderer who carves a K into his victims is imprisoned in Jabba's palace. A prisoner tricks Zak into believing that he is innocent, and Zak lets him escape. Later, Zak thinks he sees Tash kill someone and carve the same K. This is explained when a brain spider spells out "IM TASH" in sand.
A large part of the book is written in a font specifically devoted to the computer's speech. Doomsday Ship is notable for having an intentionally unresolved ending. When Tash and Zak, think they have deactivated the computer, it turns itself back on and rectifies its own errors.
Hoole, Tash and Zak are still looking for a place where the Empire won't find them. After losing their ship in an attack by a bounty hunter, they find themselves landing on a certain swamp planet. Boba Fett is after the group, and in various occasions has them in his grasp.
Graham Harris was once one of the world's foremost mountain climbers, until a fall five years earlier left him with a lame leg. Harris lives in New York City, where a murderous madman known as the Butcher has been mutilating young women. While he is giving an interview on live television one night, Graham senses the Butcher claiming another victim.
Hilary Thomas, a screenwriter living in Los Angeles, is attacked in her home by Bruno Frye, a mentally disturbed man whose vineyard she recently visited. Frye has been killing women he believes are possessed by the spirit of his dead mother, who abused him and said she would come back from the dead.
An amnesic blonde girl appears in the middle of traffic on a busy day. Carol and Paul, a married couple, are drawn to her, seeing her as the child they never had. Then the hauntings begin- ghastly noises in the dead of night, a bloody face in the mirror,and the razor sharp ax.
The novel revolves around a woman named Susan Thorton, who wakes up in a hospital bed with no recollection of her past or how she got there. Her physician, Dr. McGee, helps Susan recover some of her memory, including that of an anti-Semitic hate crime she witnessed years earlier. The men responsible for the crime show up at the hospital, although they claim not to recognize her.
Jack Dawson is a New York Detective dealing with a variety of situations in his life. His wife Linda has recently died, and that leaves him the sole caretaker for his two children Penny and Davey. He is confronted by an especially brutal string of murders of Mafia criminals. Dawson believes that there may be supernatural or magical factors in the killings.
Goblins are monsters which can shape shift between human and bestial forms, genetically engineered super-predators. Created in an ancient, technologically superior era of human civilization, they exist to torment and ultimately murder humans. Slim's claim to fame is his "Twilight Eyes", which give him the ability to receive psychic, or prophetic, premonitions of the future.
A group of people are brought together by their different and equally strange maladies. These people gather to meet in the middle of the Nevada 'high-desert' to try to figure out what was done to them, and who could have done it. Altogether they realize that a UFO landed near the Tranquility Motel.
Travis Cornell, a former Delta Force operative, feels that his life has grown pointless. Travis encounters two genetically engineered creatures that have escaped from a top-secret government lab. Travis, Nora, and Einstein soon find themselves on the run from the Outsider, federal agents determined to track down the lab escapees.
The story is about a woman who is in the process of divorcing her abusive husband Eric, an intense scientist at a bio-research company. The husband was doing research into immortality, due to an obsession with cheating death stemming from sexual abuse he suffered as a child. In fact, he experimented on himself using an untested serum designed to grant incredible regenerative abilities. The trauma from the traffic accident has resulted in him suffering constant pain and a lack of mental clarity.
Single parent Christine Scavello and her young son Joey are confronted in a mall parking lot by a madwoman who claims that Joey is the Antichrist. After a distressing attack on the family home results in her dog being decapitated, Christine enlists the help of private detective Charlie Harrison. Harrison traces a van that is following Christine back to one Grace Spivey-a charismatic elderly woman who is the leader of a fanatical religious cult called The Servants Of Twilight.
Laura Shane is born during a freak lightning storm in 1955. Her mother dies in childbirth, and she is left to be raised by her father Bob Shane. Laura is sent to live in the McIlroy orphanage, where she is housed with a set of twins, Thelma and Ruth, who later become her best friends. At college, Laura's creative writing brings her to the attention of Danny, a naive man who has fallen in love with her from afar. After a
Frank Pollard wakes up in an alley at night, filled with confusion and fear. He knows nothing but his name, and that he must escape fast, or else he will be killed. Pursued by a mysterious assailant, Frank barely escapes with his life. Every time he goes to sleep, he wakes up to find evidence of bizarre nighttime travels which he cannot remember.
Bestselling mystery writer Marty Stillwater was recording himself one day when he realized that he was saying "I need..." repeatedly. The Killer was attracted like a magnet by some force he didn't understand to the Stillwater residence. Drew Oslett and Karl Clocker were going to where The Killer had killed two seniors and taken out his tracking device. When they arrived and saw he wasn't there they left and found a picture of Marty in a People magazine. They then went to see a contact that might help them find Alfie. After discussing they decided the Stillwaters had to be terminated to look like a murder/suicide and Alfie had to been brought in.
Harry Lyon is a cop who embraces tradition and order. His partner, Connie Gulliver, is Harry's exact opposite. When Harry and Connie have to take out a hopped-up gunman in a restaurant, the chase and shootout swiftly degenerate into a surreal nightmare that seems to justify Connie's view of the modern world.
Spencer Grant is a man with a tainted past and a lovable dog, Rocky, who together embark on a quest to find a life in a woman named Valerie Keene. He is pursued by a secret government agency who are also looking for Valerie. Spencer and Valerie take hostage a helicopter and fly out of Nevada to Colorado to visit the house Spencer had his childhood in.
Chyna Shepard is a college student visiting the family of her friend, Laura Templeton, for a long weekend. Edgler Vess, a serial killer, breaks into the house in the night and methodically kills all of the Chyna encounters Vess on the stairs eating a spider before she sneaks into Laura's room. She finds Laura tied up and raped. Chyna sneaks away, promising to return.
The novella was based on a short story by an acquaintance of Balzac, Albéric Second. Its original title was to have been Le Parasite. Sylvain Pons, a musician in a Parisian boulevard orchestra, has a close friend in another musician from that same orchestra, the German pianist Wilhelm Schmucke.
Zorba the Hutt, the father of Jabba, flies to Cloud City in order to claim Jabba's casino. After a series of mishaps, Leia is captured by Trioculus' guards and brought to his factory on the planet. Ken is able to escape his jailers through a use of a Jedi mind trick and is reunited with Han.
With Trioculus imprisoned in carbonite, the Moffs meet in Kadann's Chamber of Dark Visions to hear his new prophecy on the leadership of the Empire. Kadann spoke in quatrains, prophesying that Triocius would never again get the blessing to be leader, the new leader is on Duro and finally about the last days of the Rebel Alliance. The Moffs concoct a plan to retrieve the body and destroy it, Luke, Leia and Han fly to Dagobah.
When a demonstration of a "decoy" Human Replica Droid of Leia goes wrong and the droid shoots a scientist, Han and Leia are forced to fly him to his home planet of Chad to get treatment. When they reach the planet's hospital a hurricane is ravaging it. After Han is able to bring the scientist to the doctors, he is trapped by falling rubble caused by the storm. When Leia eventually saves him, he reveals that the experience scared him that he wouldn't be able to reveal his big plans. Han proposes to Leia and they plan on eloping at Hologram Fun World, an amusement park. With the help of the new owner of the park, Lando Calrissian, they plan a wedding and visit many hologram attractions, including a trip through the Alderaan of Leia's memories.
Luke Skywalker and Ken are sent to the Lost City of the Jedi by Ken's caretaker Dee-Jay. While there they learn of a decoy transport to the city that now leads to an underground sea of lava. Ken betrays the city and is brought with the Prophets to it. There Kadann reveals that Ken&#39;s father is Triclops meaning his grandfather was the Emperor. Ken is told that he will be bred to be the new Emperor.
Judd Thompson and Vicki Byrne go together to O'Hare International Airport to get Judd's car. Meanwhile, Lionel finds Ryan after he ran out of the church not wanting to hear that his parents are in Hell. They team up and go to Ryan's house, where they set up a tent in the back yard.
The book centers around a 16-year old girl, Twyla Gay Stark, . She soon transfers to a new town and a new school in a wealthy neighborhood, Highland Park High. The worst happens when she runs afoul of the resident bitch clique, led by the beautiful, intimidating and rich Jeanette Sue.
On a future Earth overwhelmed with severe difficulties related to overpopulation, a portal is discovered that leads to a parallel world. Jim Briskin, campaigning to be the first Negro president of the United States, believes that the new "alter-Earth" could be colonized and become a home for the seventy million people that are being kept in cryopreservation.
The novel opens with a lunar find by the Apollo 17 astronauts, which is suppressed. Tom Broadbent is riding in the New Mexico desert when he hears gunshots coming from Tyrannosaur Canyon. Tom and Sally are trapped in an old Anasazi cave. They discover the partially excavated Tyrannosaurus Rex.
FBI Special Agent Aloysius Pendergast was last seen at the end of the first novel, Brimstone. His estranged brother, Diogenes, rescues him and nurses him back to health. However this is not a true act of kindness; Diogene has a dark agenda and needs his brother alive.
Air is the story of a town's fashion expert Chung Mae, a smart but illiterate peasant woman in a small village in the fictional country of Karzistan. Air is information exchange, not unlike the Internet, that occurs in everyone's brain and is intended to connect the world. After a test of Air is imposed on Mae's unprepared mountain town, everyone and everything changes.
At the end of the previous novel, A Ship of the Line, Hornblower had to surrender his ship to the French. He and his surviving crew are imprisoned in the French-occupied Spanish fortress of Rosas on the Mediterranean Sea. Soon afterwards he is told that he is to be sent to Paris to be tried as a pirate for his previous actions.
Lone Wolf is the champion of the forces of good on Magnamund. The evil god Naar has created an evil doppelganger of himself. A cat and mouse game between the two warriors ensues, which leads both across a world claimed by Naar.
The novel centers around Joe Carpenter, a man who lost his wife and two daughters in a plane crash the year prior. Joe has never been able to fully cope with their deaths, and on the one year anniversary, meets a strange woman named Rose. Rose promises to tell Joe the truth, but just not yet.
Fear Nothing is told in the first person by Christopher Snow. It follows 24 hours of Christopher Snow's life, as he discovers and attempts to unravel a mysterious and seemingly endless conspiracy. The book opens with Christopher Snow going to visit his dying father at the hospital. As Christopher's father is near to death he manages to say a few words, including the title advice fear nothing.
Martie Rhodes' husband Dusty tries to help his brother Skeet, by providing employment in his roofing business. Skeet was in rehab for drug use, and when he first appears in the story, he is high and tries to commit suicide by jumping off a roof. Martie suddenly develops a mysterious case of autophobia, fear of oneself, and returns home to find herself frightened by her own reflection.
A shapechanging alien has come to Earth with others of his kind to save us from ourselves. After witnessing the slaughter of his entire family by evil aliens bent on stopping him, he takes off on a cross-country race to save himself. Leilani Klonk is a nine-year-old girl with a deformed hand and leg. She feels adrift and without direction, just wanting to get through the day.
Dean Koontz writes a tale of good and evil, and how the concepts influence people's lives. The book begins with three separate stories that eventually intertwine: a loving relationship between a mother and her genius son, a ruthless killer, and a young woman who takes it upon herself to raise her late sister's baby.
Mitch Rafferty, owner of a small landscaping business, receives a phone call from someone claiming to have kidnapped his wife Holly. The caller demands that Mitch pay two million dollars or Holly will be killed. Mitch takes the handgun, another concealed gun from the man's ankle holster, puts the corpse in the back of his wife's car, and decides to visit his parents.
Odd Thomas is a guest at St. Bartholomew's Abbey. During his time there, he befriends a white-furred dog who assists him in his further adventures. After three adventures, Elvis Presley, who sometimes assists Odd, finally crosses over. Odd and the dog continue along together, only to be united moments later with the ghost of Frank Sinatra.
Odd discovers that his childhood friend Danny has been kidnapped. He assumes that Danny's father, who was recently released from prison, has kidnapped him. Therefore, Odd investigates and is led through a water tunnel and into an abandoned hotel by his "psychic magnetism" Inside, he finds his friend tied up and strapped to a bomb.
The illustrations are created as collages with cut paper and mixed-media art, including ink and paint. "On the tallest mountain above town," the young Prince Bertie still has not married, as is the custom in his kingdom. His mother marches princess after princess through the castle, from places ranging from Greenland to Mumbai.
A young family moves to rural Wales to renovate a farmhouse and recover from the drowning death of their daughter, Ruthie. While there, the family witnesses a series of terrible mutilations of sheep by an unknown perpetrator. The film is based on a true story.
A honeymooning couple, John and Rae Ingram, rescue a young man, Hughie, from a sinking boat who claims to have lost his companions to food poisoning. When John goes to inspect the sinking boat, he discovers the captain, Russ, and another woman, Mrs. Warriner, alive and begging for help. Hughie suffers a flashback and sees Russ as his father and knocks him overboard.
Dr. Jonathan Hemlock is an art professor, lecturer and mountaineer. He is also a collector of paintings, most of them obtained from the black market. To finance his collection he works as an assassin for a secret U.S. government agency. In order to acquire a Pissarro, Hemlock agrees to carry out a couple of "sanctions"
Told in first-person narrative, the book portrays Grogan and his family's life during the thirteen years that they lived with their dog Marley. Marley, a yellow Labrador Retriever, is described as a high-strung, boisterous, and somewhat uncontrolled dog. At one point, mental illness is suggested as a plausible explanation for his behavior.
Dr. Jim Parsons is a doctor from 2012 who was born in 1980. Abruptly, he undergoes involuntary time travel to 2405 CE. In the future, the population is static, with no natural births. The novel closes with him designing the stone marker that will eventually save his life on that desolate future Earth.
In 1970s Western North Carolina, a young man stumbles across a grove of marijuana, sees an opportunity to make some easy money. He is discovered by the ruthless farmer who set the trap to protect his plants. Their fates become entwined as the community's terrible past and corrupt present lead to a violent reckoning.
The story deals with Brian, still stranded at the L-shaped lake during the fall and winter. Eventually, Brian meets a family of Cree trappers, the Smallhorns, who help him return home. Brian also learned that he should "always pay attention to what's happening around him"
The book consists of 80 letters to various students of magick. Originally to be titled Aleister Explains Everything, the letters offer his insights into both magick and Thelema. The book is considered by many as evidence that Crowley remained lucid and mentally capable at the end of his life, despite his addiction to heroin.
The book is notable for its rhyming structure which is reminiscent of the jazz vocal improvisation technique known as scat singing. The lower-case letters climb up a coconut tree in alphabetical order, until the tree bends so much that the letters fall to the ground. Capital letters come to help them. A board book for toddlers, entitled Chicka, Chicka ABC was published in 1990.
Voyage of the Shadowmoon follows the crew of the mysterious vessel named Shadowmoon, a spy vessel. Their task is to retrieve Silverdeath, an apocalyptic mechanism that has been hidden for decades. Unearthed by the ambitious Emperor Warsovran, Silverdeath annihilates an entire continent.
The book's plot concerns two retired men who are thrown together following the deaths of their wives in the same hospital. The perceived class differences lead to Roy moving in with Reggie and being treated as an unpaid servant. The reader's sympathies are with Roy as he remains humble and faithful to his purpose until Reggie becomes too domineering.
Jericho is a doctoral student of the mathematician Alan Turing at a Cambridge college. When the war starts Turing and other professors disappear, recruited as code breakers by the Government Code and Cypher School. Eventually Jericho is also roped in, at the invitation of Atwood who is professor of ancient history at the same college. The plot unravels to answer a series of questions: What are the papers in Claire's bedroom? Is she a spy? How much can Jericho trust Kramer, an American naval officer and one of Claire's many lovers?
The Eternal Champion is narrated by John Daker, an inhabitant of 20th century Earth. At the beginning of the novel, his sleep is disturbed by dreams of other worlds and a repeated name: Erekosë. In the course of a year-long campaign to destroy the Eldren, Rigenos is killed, Iolanda becomes queen, and the human army is exhausted. The last Eldren stronghold is Loos Ptokai.
Timmy Willie is a country mouse who falls asleep in a hamper of vegetables and is carried to the city. When the hamper is opened, Timmy escapes to find himself in a large house. He slips through a hole in the skirting board and lands in the midst of a mouse dinner party.
The story concerns Edward Bush, an artist searching for inspiration in the past. When Bush returns from a long stay in the Cryptozoic, he finds that his nation has been taken over by a totalitarian government. He is immediately drafted into the military and given the mission to kill the scientist Silverstone. Bush and Silverstone meet and decide together to usher in a new era of humanity.
The novel takes place on the fictional island of Amerigo. This book is said to be loosely based on Herman Wouk's experiences in managing an actual hotel, the Royal Mail Inn, in the early 1960s in St. Thomas. Buffett refers to the development of the musical in his memoir of an aeronautical circumnavigation of the Caribbean shortly after his fiftieth birthday.
Inspector Cockrill is tasked to determine whodunit when the head nurse is killed. Cockrill states at one point, "My presence lay over the hospital like a pall - I found it all tremendously enjoyable" After another murder attempt leaves a nurse dangerously ill he re-stages the operation in order to unmask the murderer.
Mary Faber is an orphan in a gang on the streets of Cheapside, London, during the late 18th century. She attempts to obtain a position as one of six ship's boys on the British warship H.M. Jacky meets a seaman, Liam Delaney, who becomes her sea dad. Liam teaches her the ways of the ship and how to play the pennywhistle.
Tilo, the titular "Mistress of Spices," is a shopkeeper and an immigrant from India. Her life changes when she falls in love with an American man. When she was a little girl she could see what other people couldn't see.  
Philip and Eliot are in bed; Philip gets up to do the dishes. He thinks back to how they met through Sally. Philip goes on to remember the way he would masturbate a lot and how he tried to ask girls out - and they refused. Finally, he recalls going to a gay pornographic cinema when he was seventeen.
Glenn Tropile has been sent to the Pyramid's planet. To the Pyramids, the human race is nothing more than a useful source of 'Components' Tropile is linked to seven other humans as a 'Snowflake' - eight minds joined together to facilitate more complex tasks than a single human could manage.
In a vastly overpopulated world, businesses have taken the place of governments. States exist merely to ensure the survival of huge trans-national corporations. The protagonist, Mitch Courtenay, is a star-class copywriter in the Fowler Schocken advertising agency. But a lot more is happening than he knows about.
In this novel, Mia must learn to deal with public life, beginning with a primetime interview Mia is instructed to attend by her Grandmère. When Mia gets a sore throat, she thinks that the interview will be cancelled, but she is drawn out of her sickbed by the entice of a "secret admirer", and cannot avoid the interview. During the interview itself, Mia accidentally says a number of embarrassing things, including that her mother is pregnant.
The story is of the brutal murder of a seven year old girl named Alicia Bartlett. The interrogation of a twelve year old boy, named Jason Dorrant, who is her friend and the last known person to see her alive. Trent, an expert interrogator, known to get confessions which seemed impossible to obtain and has never lost a case, is called in for the case.
 Prosper Nash awakes in a cavalier's body, with no memory, but with the old reflexes. He meets up with Arizona Bill Averoff, who does not remember him, but is the image of his friend. He learns that the society is in the throes of a war with the Wotanists-or Voties.
Marly's family moves to the country so that her father, a prisoner of war suffering from post traumatic stress disorder, can learn to function once more. They are supported by a neighbor couple, Mr and Mrs. Chris, who make their living with maple syrup. Marly reflects that the recovery of her father and Mr. Chris are the true miracles of Maple Hill.
An unknown aircraft approaches North America from Europe. American bombers are scrambled to meet the potential threat. The original "threat" is proven to be innocuous and recall orders are issued. Colonel Grady, the head of the group, tries to contact Omaha to verify the fail-safe order , but due to Soviet radio jamming, Grady cannot hear them.
The book follows Darren Shan as he makes his way back to Vampire Mountain. He must find a way to inform the Vampire Princes of Kurda Smahlt's treachery before they crown him a Prince. Kurda's treason includes hiding Vampaneze inside the mountain, preparing to murder the Princes and attempting to gain control of the Stone of Blood.
In the seventh book of this series, not long into his years as a Prince, Darren is once again visited by Desmond Tiny. He explains that the three hunters must find and hunt down the Vampaneze Lord if they have any hopes to win the war. After a few more nights at the Cirque to once again come up with a strategy, they set off to once more try to encounter the Lord and destroy him.
Mr. Crepsley, Darren, and Harkat go into the tunnels, where they find Vancha. They arm themselves with weapons carelessly discarded by the Vampaneze and seek out Steve. There is a battle between the two sides vampaneza and vampires, and soon they face the Vampsaneze Lord.
The book is about a young girl called Koyasan, who fears the graveyard in her town where the spirits live. Her younger sister enters the graveyard after dark and her soul is captured. In order to find and retrieve her sister's stolen soul she must battle three spirits.
The book tells the story of Henry Warren, a City of London financier and head of his firm, Warren Sons and Mortimer. Amid the Depression, Warren continues to make money through hard work floating loans and stock issues. Warren orders his chauffeur to drive him to the North of England. He wants to go on a hiking tour to clear his head and gain some perspective.
The story of a baby taken from a parallel world by a wizard. The baby is the son of Det Morson, the ruler of the Rondoval castle. The child is brought back to his own world and given to a local artisan. The story ends with the baby's birth.
Pol Detson, son of Lord Det, has come home, now a powerful sorcerer of unsurpassed natural ability. But Pol is still an untrained talent, a "madwand" To take control of his powers, to rule in his father's place, he must survive arduous training.
The story is written as if it is an autobiography by Barney Panofsky recounting his life in varying detail. At the end of the book he is diagnosed with Alzheimer's Disease, explaining his previous memory lapses and footnote corrections by his son Michael. Underlying the story of Barney's three marriages is the mysterious disappearance of his friend Boogie.
The book begins when the recently orphaned Lewis Barnavelt moves to the town of New Zebedee, Michigan. Lewis manages to befriend a local boy named Tarby, who is everything he is not-popular, athletic, thin, and so on. Lewis tries to win Tarby back by demonstrating how to raise the dead in the local cemetery on Halloween but only succeeds in releasing Selenna from her tomb.
 Chatwin's novel portrays the life of a fictional slave trader named Francisco Manuel da Silva. He became powerful in Wydah, the so-called Slave Coast of West Africa, now Benin and Togo. The character is loosely based on an historical Brazilian, Francisco Felix de Sousa.
Brian, who is now sixteen years old, is canoeing through the Canadian wilderness. He realizes that the woods are now his home and he will never be happy in modern society. While canoeing, Brian finds a seriously wounded Malamute dog, which he nurses back to health. He remembers his Cree friends and decides to go check on them. When Brian reaches their cabin, he finds that it was a bear that had killed the parents and chased Susan into hiding.
In 1996, a young American reporter, Ian Smith, is sent by his news network to the Soviet republic of Poland. His task includes interviewing the charimastic leader of Polish Freedom Army, Colonel Xavras Wy|ryn. Ian does not realize that during his long trip from Ukrainian steppes to Moscow, alongside hardened veterans of Polish forces.
Flashman is expelled from Rugby for drunkenness. He joins the Army for what he hopes will be a sinecure. After an affair with a fellow officer's lover, he is forced to fight a duel. He wins after promising a large sum of money to the pistol loader to give his opponent a blank load in his gun.
The Story begins with a flashback to August 1914, where Jules Fauchard is flying his Morane-Saulnier N, mono-winged aircraft. A reality television show is being filmed when a group of animals attack the crew and cast. Everyone is killed except for Jodie Michaelson. The only reason she is not killed is because as she was running from the creatures she fell.
The story is set in the United States, presumably during the late 1980s or early 1990s. It begins with Yeager in the middle of a personal campaign of assassination. At the same time, Yeager and his girlfriend are developing connections with a white nationalist group. Yeager is caught between the intentions of his government confederate and the white-nationalist group.
After the events of the first book, Dragon Weather, Arlian finds himself armed with the knowledge of how dragons reproduce. Using the magic gathered in Arithei, he continues his quest. He realizes that if he is to fulfill his quest of destroying the dragons he must destroy the entire dragon society which is made up of dragon hearts. Dragon hearts are those who have drunk a mixture of human blood and dragon venom and gain a long extended life.
In this novel an old Raj family comes newly on the scene, the Laytons of Pankot, an imaginary hill station in India. Teddie and Merrick are sent to the front in Manipur against the Japanese and their surrogates, the Indian National Army. Sarah meets Jimmy Clark in Calcutta. Susan Bingham is unhinged when she witnesses her aunt Mabel's death.
Betsy and her friends discover the temptations of dime novels, prompting Betsy to try her hand at writing her own. Betsy's parents decide that in order to foster a love of classic literature and make Betsy a better writer, she will be allowed to go alone to the new Carnegie library every two weeks.
Betsy and Joe details the events of Betsy Ray's senior year at Deep Valley High School in Deep Valley, Minnesota. Betsy had first met Joe Willard in the fifth book of the series, Heaven to Betsy, at Willard's Emporium. The two of them did not become close friends initially, as they competed in school for top marks in English class and in the annual high school essay competition.
Royal Flash is set during the Revolutions of 1848. The story features Lola Montez, and Otto von Bismarck as major characters. It is set in the fictional Duchy of Strackenz, making it the only Flashman novel to be set in a fictitious location.
Flashman is a 19th-century English author. He is the main character in the novel Flashman and the Redskins. In the novel, Flashman is captured by the U.S. Navy and sent to live in New Orleans. The rest of the story has Flashman as a slave driver, a potential slave, and a slave stealer.
Flashman meets Queen Victoria's cousin, William of Celle, incognito in a billiards hall and befriends him, before getting him drunk and leaving him in an alley with bootblack on his buttocks for the police to find. However, his reputation as a valiant and down-to-earth soldier leads to Prince Albert assigning Flashman as the boy's mentor. Despite every attempt to avoid it, he finds himself in the Crimea showing William what soldiering is all about.
Flashman meets Lord Palmerston at Balmoral, and his old nemesis Nicholas Pavlovich Ignatiev. In disguise as Makarram Khan, a Hasanzai of the Black Mountain, he takes refuge in the native cavalry at Meerut. After being knocked out during the British attack on the Rani's camp, he awakens to something that makes Hugh Rose wonder that Flashman did not lose his mind.
Flashman meets Tom Brown at a tavern and is convinced to play cricket at Lord's for a team made up of Rugby Old Boys. He also meets Don Solomon Haslam, a businessman from the East Indies, who has a lot of money, prestige, and a fascination for Flashman's wife. Haslam reveals his true identity and kidnaps Elspeth. Flashman must reluctantly chase after them, with the help of James Brooke. He is enslaved and becomes military advisor and lover to Queen Ranavalona I.
Flashman is the wagon captain of a group of forty-niners and invalids looking for a better life. He absconds with two thousand dollars made from selling one of the prostitutes, Cleonie, to Navajos. He meets George Armstrong Custer and Mrs. Arthur B. Candy, both of whom lead him into disaster. The book ends with Flashman discovering he left more behind in America in 1850 than two jilted wives.
Flashman is convinced by Phoebe Carpenter, a lovely minister's wife, to take a shipment of opium into Canton, with the promise of a later, more pleasant meeting. On the way he discovers that instead of opium he is carrying guns to the Taiping rebels. After being captured by the Imperials, he meets Xianfeng Emperor and becomes the prisoner and lover of Yehonala, the imperial concubine.
Flashman is sent to India when the English are anticipating conflict with the Sikh Army, the Khalsa. He is dispatched by Major George Broadfoot to the Punjab, masquerading as a solicitor attempting to settle the Soochet legacy. Flashman becomes entangled in the intrigues of the Punjabi court before being forced to flee at the outbreak of war.
Flashman leaves Calcutta before the wrath of a cuckolded husband can find him. He proceeds to South Africa, where by a chance meeting he reunites with John Charity Spring. Spring uses his daughter, Miranda, and her feminine wiles to have Flashman drugged and sent to the United States.
Flashman first appeared in "Flashman and the Tiger" in 1894. He was a cabin boy on Captain John Charity Spring's ship, the Balliol College. Flashman was traded to King Gezo as a white slave and spent much of his adult life avenging himself on the ship's former crew.
Flashman is on the run, after mortally offending Admiral Tegethoff by seducing his great-niece en voyage. Flashman meets an old acquaintance, Jack Speedicut , who enlists him to escort a shipment of Maria Theresa thalers to General Robert Napier's forces in Abyssinia. General Napier immediately despatches him on a secret undercover mission to recruit Queen Masteeat and her Galla people.
Mark Franklin is a tall and softly-spoken American prospector who made his fortune in a silver strike in Nevada. He goes to London where he meets and has a one-night stand with 'Pip' Delys, a music hall performer. He then buys a house in Castle Lancing, the Norfolk village his ancestors came from in the 17th century. A chance event during a fox hunt leads to an acquaintance with King Edward VII.
33 Snowfish is the story of Custis, a 10-year-old orphan living with his "owner" Bob Motley, who sexually abuses him. Custis follows Boobie into Crazy Lou's Woods, a private woodland supposedly owned by an ex-military cat farmer. The four of them take to the road in a stolen Buick Skylark to flee the police.
The Fifth Doctor and his companions get caught up in a scheme by the Time Lord Ruath to resurrect the vampire Yarven. Ruath sends a vampire baby to attack the Doctor and turn him into a vampire, but the child instead attacks and converts Nyssa. The Doctor manages to take control of her TARDIS and force it to materialize on a distant planet.
Theo is a victim of the child welfare system. He insists on being hurt - whether by one he loves or by a professional dominatrix. His need for pain stems from the brutal treatment he received as a child in state custody. Elliott explores the psychology of child sexual abuse and physical abuse.
The novel is set earlier in the war than the film, with Allison escaping from the Battle of Corregidor at the time that the Allies are still on the defensive in the Pacific. The narrative deals with the developing relationship between the marine and the nun, especially Allison's growing attraction to Sister Angela.
Gordon awakens in 1983 floating in the north Atlantic when all of a sudden a U.S. submarine emerges from the depths and plucks Gilbert from certain death. Together with some hundred other "Temporally Displaced Persons," or DTIs, the government term for those it's kidnapped from other times, Gilbert is illegally incarcerated in a secret installation in Horsefield, New Jersey.
The book is written from the point of view of author Tracy Kidder. It is set mainly in Haiti and Boston, Massachusetts. Kidder first met his subject, Dr. Paul Farmer, in Haiti in 1994. The rest of the book details Farmer's inspiring life and accomplishments.
The book combines gods with high technology. Computers have gone independent in a Virtual Reality. Death features as a major character, and the hero must rescue his lady-love from him. Other actual and virtual myth-figures come into it. It is not connected with Jack of Shadows.
Two friends, Tonnison and Berreggnog, travel to the remote village of Kraighten in rural Ireland. They stumble upon the ruins of a strangely-shaped house bordering a large lake. They discover the mouldering journal of the Recluse, an unidentified man who recorded his last days in the house before its destruction.
The book centers on Wanda Petronski, a poor and friendless Polish-American girl. Wanda claims to own one hundred dresses, all lined up in her closet at her worn-down house. Her classmates are in awe of her talent and realize that these were her hundred dresses.
Falco is invited at the request of Claudius Laeta to investigate the attack on Anacrites and its possible connection to an attempt to corner the market on Spanish olive oil. Falco is on his way to Hispania to track down some of the guests and that Falco will be there for the birth of his child.
Captains Duke Forrest and Hawkeye Pierce share a jeep to MASH unit 4077. The Bachelor Officers Quarters tent occupied by the three surgeons, known as The Swamp, becomes a popular hang-out. The boys aren't religious, but Captain Waldowski, the dentist known as the Painless Pole, becomes depressed and decides to commit suicide.
You play as one of Lone Wolf's Grand Masters. News of an invasion force by the Autarch Sejanoz of Bhanar brought to the palace in Pensei. Xo-lin must be rescued and brought to sanctuary in the distant city of Tazhan across the Lissanian Plain.
Rosie and Alex were best friends since they were very young, confiding in each other and telling each other everything. The story is told through the form of instant messages, letters, invitations, e-mails, throughout their teen and senior high school years and into their adult lives.
Senso is set in Italy about the time of a war with Austria in 1866. Its protagonist is Livia, an Italian countess who is married unhappily to a stuffy old aristocrat. Livia falls in love with Remigio Ruz, a dashing young lieutenant in the Austrian army.
The Champion Maker is hybrid of suspense and sports fiction. Set primarily in the Washington, D.C. area, it tells the story of an unorthodox track coach and his young protégé's quest for Olympic gold in two disparate events. Along the way, they uncover a dark conspiracy involving genetic engineering.
Howard Sykes lives in an English town with his parents, Quentin, an author and professor, and Catriona, a music teacher. Their life is interrupted one afternoon when an unnamed huge person, "somebody's Goon"  Quentin irritably writes a replacement set and gives them to the Goon, who goes away-but the next afternoon, he is back. The Goon takes Howard to see Mountjoy, who reveals that the town is secretly run by The Go
The Emersons return to Egypt in 1895-96 to excavate at Dahshoor. In looking for a keeper for Ramses, they find a demoralized Englishman named Donald Fraser. The story is key in the series because it is the first time the reader learns the pseudonym of the Master Criminal: Sethos.
Private investigator R.J. Decker is hired by sugar cane tycoon Dennis Gault to prove that celebrity fisherman Richard "Dickie" Lockhart is a cheat. Decker meets a reclusive hermit who lives in the woods, calling himself "Skink" While teaching Decker about fishing, he mentions seeing Bobby Clinch on the lake on the morning he died.
Foreign Office civil servant Samuel Fennan apparently commits suicide after a routine security check by Circus agent George Smiley. Smiley had interviewed and cleared him only days earlier after an anonymous accusation. Circus head of service Maston sets up Smiley to be blamed for the death.
George Smiley is called by a wartime colleague, Miss Brimley, to investigate a "death menace" letter sent by a reader. Terence Fielding, the brother of a classics professor who was one of Smiley's close wartime associates in the Circus, is also a teacher at the school where the woman's husband teaches. Smiley discovers the hiding place of the murderer's blood-stained clothes.
Winnie Barringer misses her best friend Iggie, whose family has moved to Japan. She is fascinated that a black family, the Garbers, have moved into Iggie's old house. Winnie creates a questionnaire to determine community members' attitudes about blacks. The Garber parents are seriously considering moving.
Sheila pretends that she is fearless and confident. The truth, however, is that many things terrify her. Sheila attends a day camp where she meets a girl named Merle "Mouse" Ellis. Mouse does not appear to have many fears and according to Sheila, Mouse is able to do everyhing. Sheila is afraid of dogs and is unable to swim.
Katherine and Michael have sex on Michael's sister's bedroom floor, they are sure it seals a love that will be "forever" However, separated for the summer by work, Katherine finds herself aware of the limitations of the relationship and ultimately attracted to a tennis instructor, Theo. Katherine realizes the 'loss' of Michael, while painful at first, can be the start of new successful relationships.
The book chronicles a corporation that works to send people to space, by booking them on empty seats on Space Shuttle flights. The third such flight was preparing to launch, carrying retired basketball player MJ into space. During the flight something goes wrong and MJ and the pilot die, while the rest of the crew is forced to make an emergency landing. Initially most everyone in the space industry is sued over MJ's death, although most of the charges are later dropped.
For generations, the powerful Sartoris clan has dominated political and social life in Yoknapatawpha County, Mississippi. But with the coming of the twentieth century, a new war in Europe, and the passing of old ideals, the lives of the family are permanently transformed.
The book opens with an introduction of characters, and with Trachtenberg, the narrator, describing his complex relationship with his maternal uncle. He then discusses the distinctions between himself, and his father, a man who, as he describes Kenneth's mother is now living an African community, helping a refugee camp. The book ends with a conversation between the two professors.
The Claw of Naar is the evil wand of power used by Agarash the Damned during his ancient conquest of Magnamund. In Vampirium, you must venture into the hostile land of Bhanar and snatch the Claw from the clutches of the evil Autarch Sejanoz.
For centuries the Shom'zaa has lain incarcerated and forgotten in a granite prison located deep below the mountains of Bor. Now this terrifying beast has accidentally been set free, and its hunger for vengeance knows no bounds. You must journey to the subterranean kingdom of the dwarves and attempt to save your ancient allies.
Lone Wolf has been abducted by the forces of the Dark God Naar and imprisoned in a remote city-fortress. Subjected to relentless attacks by the minions of evil, the Supreme Master of the Kai is surely doomed to die unless a rescue can be affected swiftly. You must venture alone into the dreaded stronghold of Gazad Helkona to find and free your leader.
Evil Lord Vandyan of Eldenora has unearthed the lost secrets of rune magics used by Agarash the Damned during his ancient conquest of Magnamund. Lone Wolf, Supreme Master of the Kai, leads the crusade to defeat Vandyan. Your task is to infiltrate Skull-Tor and destroy the ancient runes from which he draws his evil power.
The King of Siyen has been assassinated. Prince Karvas is the sole heir of this rich and powerful realm. He lives in exile in distant Sheasu - "the Isle of Lost Heroes' In his absence, evil Baron Sadanzo and his army of robber knights have staked their claim.
The Moonstone is a legendary artefact created by the godlike Shianti. Lone Wolf - Supreme Master of the Kai - has succeeded in retrieving it from the clutches of Naar, the King of the Darkness. Now the Moonstone must be returned to its creators who are exiled upon the remote Isle of Lorn in southern Magnamund.
Nastanirh takes place in late 19th century Bengal and explores the lives of the "Bhadralok", Bengalis of wealth who were part of the Bengal Renaissance. Despite his liberal ideas, Bhupati is blind to the loneliness and dissatisfaction of his wife, Charu. It is only with the appearance of his cousin, Amal, who incites passionate feelings in Charu, that he realizes what he has lost.
The opening story is set during the Vietnam War. "Mid-Autumn" and "In the Clearing" are similar, in that they deal heavily in Vietnamese mysticism. Both are dialogues between parent and child and make reference to supernatural beings. "The American Couple" is the longest story in the collection at 80 pages.
Dmitry Alekseyevich Malyanov is an astrophysicist. Action takes place in Leningrad, USSR, apparently in the 1970s. Aleksandr Sokurov's movie The Days of the Eclipse is loosely based on the novel.
Kevin Senecal leaves Earth to escape various troubles, including a teen gang vendetta which the authorities will not act to stop. He enlists with the Hansen Corporation, a huge conglomerate which has re-located to the Moon, and is now involved in asteroid mining. Kevin falls in love with a mystery woman called Ellen MacMillan.
Cameron Miller has been physically and sexually abused by his father all his life. His 'Pop', Hank, was a serial killer who preys on young boys, murdering more than 20 over the years. When 'Pop' dies in a gunfight with police, Cameron takes on the identity of this boy, Neil Lacey, a victim who was abducted and murdered six years earlier.
Jamie Reardon is a boy who is teased at school and has a memory he'd give anything to be able to forget. Under hypnosis, when he is hoping to learn how to forget, Jamie recalls his recent sexual abuse by a paedophile caretaker. Jamie's emotional reaction to the incident he was trying to suppress returns Sapphy's memory, and the boy is finally able to tell her everything. The actual abuse is not described in the book.
Yuri Davydov is a disgruntled Russian émigré poised to lash out at the adoptive nation he believes has denied him the American Dream. The tension builds as the reader's complacent assumption of the usual happy ending is eroded away by a never-ending series of twists and turns in the action.
The book is set as a series of journal entries, where the unnamed narrator goes back and forth between his life with the rats and his work. In these entries, the young man dwells on the hatred he feels for his boss, the stresses of caring for his aging mother, a nameless girl he becomes fond of and the families of rats he has befriended.
The story concerns a former detective who suffers from vertigo, who is hired to follow the wife of a friend who is puzzled by her strange behavior. The detective becomes obsessed with the woman, eventually falling in love with her but unable to explain her strange trances. When she falls to her death from a tower, he is unable to save her due to his fear of heights and experiences a psychotic break. After his partial recovery he encounters a woman who is nearly the image of his dead love, and the obsession begins all over again.
The story tells itself in two parallel parts: one of the stories is during his time in the asylum, all a memory slowly bringing itself back to life. The other story takes place after he is released, and he feels compelled to author a book on the events surrounding that murder. It is currently being turned into a movie and it was supposed to be filmed from November 26th, 2007 until approximately January 20th, 2008 at Fairfield State Hospital in Connecticut.
Louvre curator and Priory of Sion Grand Master Jacques Saunière is fatally shot one night at the museum by a man named Silas. The police summon Harvard Professor Robert Langdon, who is in town on business. A police cryptographer, Sophie Neveu, secretly explains to Langdon she is Saun ière's estranged granddaughter, and that Fache thinks Langdon is the murderer. Sophie is troubled by memories of her grandfather's involvement in a
The story is set in Eskibahçe, a small fictional village in southwestern Anatolia during the 1900s. Although fiction, the setting is based upon Kayaköy village near Fethiye, the ruins of which still exist today. Once a thriving Greek village, this town of over one thousand houses, two churches, fourteen chapels, and two schools, was completely deserted in 1923.
Tiaan wanders the ancient, abandoned city of Tirthrax aimlessly. She still clutches the dead body of her adopted-sister, Haani. Her previous withdrawal, that caused her to madly desire the strange crystal Amplimet, has evaporated in her grief for her sister.
Three teenage friends grow up in the British 1970s. Their lives change as their world gets involved with Provisional Irish Republican Army bombs, progressive and punk rock, girls and political strikes. The film is based on the lives of three friends who grew up in Britain in the 1970s and 1980s.
The novel switches among several different timelines which ultimately tie together in the last few chapters. As the novel opens, the Lindauzi are reeling from the extinction of their soul-mate species, the Iani. Ilox is the pinnacle of the breeding program, an exceptionally bright and empathic human boy.
The poem follows the stream of consciousness of its protagonist as an interior monologue. The protagonist struggles to reach some sort of catharsis on his childhood feelings. He recalls the land where he was born, and lovingly notes its lack of civilization. In the end he rejects the ideal of the noble savage, preferring the progress that civilization has made.
G.H., a well-to-do resident of a Rio de Janeiro penthouse, is remembering what happened to her the previous day. She decided to clean out the room of the maid who has just left her service. G.H. is appalled by the sight, but she is trapped in the room by the irresistible fascination of the dying insect.
Jenny MacPartland, a divorced single mother, falls in love with artist Erich Kreuger while working for a New York gallery. They marry within a month and set up home on Erich's vast Minnesota ranch. For several months they are happily married, but Jenny begins to feel uneasy around her increasingly unstable husband.
Joe Stoshack finds a 1909 T206 Honus Wagner card in his neighbor's attic. He tries to verify that it is an authentic Wagner by going to a collectible shop. Joe and Honus share what their dreams are. Joe's is to play in the big leagues, while Honus' is to win the World Series.
Julia Rainbird promises to find her nephew Edward Shoebridge for a large sum of money. No one knows where Edward is, or if he is alive. Edward is alive and under the pseudonym of "the Trader" He has been organising small kidnappings around the area, but is planning a larger score.
Gillian Bellaver is a teenage girl who has psychic powers such as telepathy and telekinesis. She soon finds out that a boy her age, Robin Sandza, is kidnapped. With her powers, she helps Robin's father Peter Sandza find Robin. Gillian and Peter find Robin, but both father and son get killed.
The Cold War-era story concerns an alleged plot between the Soviet Union and Cuba, and a spy ring with connections to both. It also speaks about the Russian infiltrations into the French intelligence. The main characters of the book are fast friends Michael Nordstorm and Andre Devereaux.
The story takes place in Ostrowiec , Poland, and begins on May 3, 1945. In the story, Stefan Szczuka is the Secretary of the Province Committee. He recognizes a friend walking alongside the road, and stops to greet her. He learns from her that her husband Antoni Kossecki had just returned from Nazi captivity.
The Lab is an action book, whose protagonist is a 16 year old superhuman, named Agent "Six of Hearts" Six was created to be the ultimate soldier by a group called The Lab which is a ruthless division of the company ChaoSonic. In this futuristic setting there is only one known city left in the world, and it is run by ChaoSonics. ChaoS Sonic took over the city and has obliterated all their competitors and enemies.
Aphias "Fee" Zhe, a twelve-year-old Korean American boy growing up in Maine, is selected for membership in a boys' choir. Fee and other boys are molested by the choir director Big Eric Gorendt. Fee is afraid to tell, and doesn't want anyone else to tell.
The story is told from the alternating perspective of four characters. Headmaster Louis Tremper is a repressed homosexual with a love of German opera. Noah Lathrop II is an overbearing alpha male running dubious business deals around the world. The novel ends with Noah realizing that unlike Arthur, his own experiences have helped him find himself.
The novel details in comic form the varied reactions by two daughters when their widowed father marries a much younger Ukrainian immigrant. It is told in the first person from the perspective of one of the daughters, Nadezhda. The hurricane on their lives that is Valentina serves to bring together the two daughters against a common enemy.
The novel tells the story of Riccetto, a street urchin who the audience is first introduced to during his Confirmation and First Communion. Over the next few years, the reader follows along as he goes from robbery to scam to prostituting himself and back again while drifting around. Pasolini admired what he considered their pre-political rebelliousness.
Major Bennett Marco, Sergeant Raymond Shaw, and the rest of their infantry platoon are kidnapped during the Korean War in 1952. They are taken to Manchuria, and are brainwashed to believe that Shaw saved their lives in combat - for which Congress awards him the Medal of Honor. Years after the war, Marco, now back in the United States working as an intelligence officer, begins suffering the recurring nightmare of Shaw murdering two of his comrades. When Marco learns that another soldier from the platoon also has been suffering the same nightmare, he sets to uncovering the mystery and its meaning. It is revealed that the Communists have been using Shaw as a sleeper agent, a guiltless assassin subconsciously activated by seeing the Queen of Diamonds on a playing card.
Sally J. Freedman is moving from New Jersey to Miami, Florida with her brother and their mother and grandmother at the end of World War II. The novel first touches on racism when, on the train to Florida, Sally meets a black woman traveling with her young son about Sally's age. In the one year Sally spends at Miami, she learns how babies are made, attends but loses a contest, drinks whisky, kisses Peter at their teacher's wedding, and in the end, strengthens her relationship with her family members.
The story follows the life of bored 1970s New Jersey housewife, Sandy Pressman, who decides to reinvigorate her life by having an extramarital affair with an old high school boyfriend. This decision is complicated when she accidentally discovers evidence her husband might be having a long-term affair.
The story follows Margo and B.B., two divorcees who are trying to restart their lives in Colorado. Matters get much more complex and relationships strained when B.b.'s ex-husband moves next door and starts a relationship with Margo. The film is directed by John Requa and is based on a true story. For more information on the film, visit the film's website.
Peter Hatcher and his arch-rival Sheila Tubman spend their summer vacation together in Maine. Fudge meets a girl named Mitzi, who has a baseball glove she calls her "mitzi" Peter falls in love with her and cannot stop thinking about her. Towards the end of the book a little romance is spread between Peter and Sheila, though they agree that they will always hate each other.
Dr. Kay Scarpetta is asked to return at the request of her replacement, Chief Medical Examiner Joel Marcus. A young girl has been murdered, but very few clues are available. In parallel her niece Lucy is investigating an attack on her companion Henri. The investigations are hampered by Marcus's ineptness and the disarray of her former lab.
This book is written in the perspective of Rachel Robinson, who is an overachiever and a perfectionist. She resents her older brother, Charles, who has been expelled from boarding school. Through family counseling and a trip to Ellis Island, the Robinson family learn how to put aside their differences and get along better.
Gersen is taking a short holiday at Smade's Tavern, a neutral ground hostelry for crook and honest man alike in the Beyond. Here he meets an explorer with a problem: Lugo Teehalt has discovered a beautiful and unspoiled world - but he has learned that his employer is the notorious criminal Attel Malagate, Malagate the Woe. Gersen departs in the deceased man's ship and comes into possession of the navigational device that contains the planet's coordinates.
Burnt Offerings is the fourth novel in the Anita Blake series. It is set after a vampire is set on fire at a vampire themed restaurant. The Vampire Council is threatened by Jean-Claude's ability to destroy one of its most powerful members. The Traveler is accompanied by Balthasar, his human servant, and has also recruited Anita.
The first act, "Bimini", begins with an introduction to the character of Thomas Hudson, a classic Hemingway stoic male figure. "Cuba" takes place soon thereafter during the Second World War in Havana, Cuba where we are introduced to an older and more distant Hudson. The novel ends with a shoot-out and the destruction of the Germans in one of the tidal channels surrounding Cayo Guillermo.
In the book, the Space Shuttle Atlantis launches on a polar orbit launch from Vandenberg Air Force Base in Southern California. During the launch, the main engines cut off prematurely and the shuttle is forced to make an emergency landing on Rapa Nui, better known to most of the world as Easter Island. Problems include lack of documents for the astronauts and shuttle, bringing in the crane that's used to lift the shuttle onto the specially modified 747 that carries it.
Kirth Gersen tracks Lens Larque across several worlds, most notably Aloysius, the desert world Dar Sai and the more temperate Methel. Gersen learns that Larque is a Darsh, born Husse Bugold, who had been deprived of an earlobe and made a rachepol or outcast from his clan for a crime considered "repulsive"
Gersen is sent on a sensitive mission in which Kokor Hekkus is reputedly involved. He is to intercept a Mr Hoskins, with license to kill him if necessary. Gersen also meets Myron Patch, an engineer from Krokinole. Patch had built He Gersen demands and is paid more money for the alterations. When it is time to deliver the fort, Gersen is taken captive and ordered to repay the money.
Joe Lampton is recently demobilised from the armed forces of late 1940s Britain. He was a POW who spent his captivity studying to pass his accountancy examinations. He is an orphan whose parents were killed in an air raid against his home town. The book centres on Joe's efforts to secure a future he can take pride in.
The book is primarily an extended essay, entitled "Genocide by Any Other Name" Churchill analyzes this as a process of genocide and other infectious diseases. He says the students suffered a higher rate of mortality than children of their age in the general population. Churchill says the former students have transmitted the "trauma to successive generations"
Rufus Dawes is a young man who swims to a deserted settlement. He adapts to his new life but is still treated like an inferior by the other inhabitants. Richard Devine is arrested for the murder of Lord Bellasis. He is found not guilty but guilty of the robbery of the corpse.
It is ten years further on from when last we learned of Joe's life in Room At The Top. He now has everything he thought he wanted - the upper-class wife, an executive job, two cars and two children for his new house. Yet, Joe is still a dissatisfied man - his job had not moved significantly forward in the last ten years. This dissatisfaction leads him back to his old philandering ways.
The book tells the story of a teddy bear named Corduroy, displayed on a toy shelf in a department store. One day, a girl named Lisa arrives in the store with her mother and spots the bear. She is willing to buy him, however, her mother declines to spend more money and notes that a button is missing from his overalls.
Dalgliesh visits Saint Anselm's in a semi-official capacity to follow up the death of a student some time previously. Whilst there, a visiting Archdeacon is murdered. Initial suspicion falls on one of the fathers who run and teach at the college. Two more murders follow and after all present have been questioned, several skeletons are brought out the cupboard.
Cordelia Gray is engaged by Sir George Ralston to accompany his wife, the acclaimed actress Clarissa Lisle. Clarissa has been receiving thinly veiled death threats in form of quotations from plays where she played the main role. Shortly before the performance of The Duchess of Malfi, Clarissa is brutally murdered, leaving Cordelia and the Dorset CID to deal with solving the crime.
The murder of Peverell Press's managing director, Gerard Etienne, seems to be the horrible end of a series of malicious pranks. When Adam Dalgliesh is called to the scene to solve the murder, he soon finds out that the killer does not intend to stop with Etienne.
Marilyn Grimes, a 44-year-old mother of three has spent her time deferring her dreams to create the perfect suburban life for her family. She has grown-up children, her live-in mother-in-law, an elderly poodle named Snuffy, and her workaholic husband Leon.
Guffy Randall is surprised to find his old friend Albert Campion in a French hotel, accompanied by a mountaineer and a prospector. Campion explains that they are seeking proof of British rights to a small territory, recently disturbed. An ancient inscription on a slab of oak speaks of a crown hidden by a split diamond.
An Actor Prepares is the diary of a fictional student named Kostya during his first year of training in Stanislavski's system. The book is autobiographical and deals with many different areas of acting skills, including action, imagination, concentration of attention and relaxation of muscles.
Ten-year-old Winnie comes from a well-bred and straight-laced family who keeps her safe behind a four-foot iron fence that surrounds their home. When she runs away from her confinement and into the woods one morning, she finds a beautiful tree from which a spring of water pours with a teenage boy-almost a young man-drinking from it. This discovery leads her to learn of the Tuck family - the boy named Jesse Tuck and the rest of his family -who are immortal because they drank from this spring eighty-seven years earlier.
The novel is the story of two friends, Miles and Jack, who go away together for the last time to steep themselves in everything that makes it good to be young and single. During the week before Jack plans to marry, the pair heads out from Los Angeles to the Santa Ynez wine country.
The Ds return to Norfolk, hoping to enjoy a holiday with their friends of the Coot Club. Unfortunately, they find the Death and Glories coming under an increasing cloud of suspicion for setting moored boats adrift. Eventually a carefully prepared trap is sprung and in a flash the villains are discovered.
The book opens with the Swallows, Amazons and Captain Flint in an unnamed port in the South China Sea. They are warned to stay away from the Chinese coast because of pirates. The children are sent to Missee Lee, the leader of the pirates. She turns out to be a frustrated academic from Camblidge.
A bank robbery is committed by a lone robber in a balaclava mask. He demands that the bank's ATM be emptied within 25 seconds before the police can arrive. Later that day, Anna Bethsen is found dead, an apparent suicide. Harry Hole is in a race against time to discover the murderer before he is implicated.
The Vom is an intergalactic intelligence described as a large black blob not unlike a gigantic amoeba, impervious to almost all energy and physical attack. Following years of battle with the Tar-Aiym it has sheltered on a planet where it has gone dormant for 500,000 years, waiting for an opportunity to escape.
The novel takes place in 550 A.A. Flinx, no longer a poor orphan, is chasing a merchant to Hivehom and Terra in search of information about his parentage. Along the way Flinx is joined by Sylzenzuzex, a female Thranx member of the Commonwealth Church. His chase leads him to Ulru-Ujurr, a planet under Edict from the United Church, ostensibly because it contains a highly intelligent telepathic race.
Flinch is pursued by an assassin squad called the Qwarm. He not only finds this man, Skua September, but also acquires a strange new alien pet Abalamahalamatandra-Ab for short. Flinx's friends Bran Tse-Mallory and Truzenzuzex show up looking for Ab.
The book opens upon a meeting of ecological fanatics plotting against operations on Longtunnel. Lifeforms are being modified by gengineers, and they intend to stop the perversion of nature. The scene switches to Alaspin. The minidrag became pregnant in The End of the Matter. While returning to town, Flinx's empathic abilities detect someone hurt nearby.
Young Philip Lynx is purchased in a slave auction by Mother Mastiff for one hundred credits. After years of raising the boy, his adoptive mother suddenly disappears. Flinx pursues her across the rainy world of Moth and discovers she has been kidnapped by the mysterious Meliorare Society.
This novel does little to expand on Flinx's much hinted at upcoming importance in fighting a great evil approaching the Humanx Commonwealth. It does show Foster's love of travel to the tropical portions of our world. Midworld is essentially a worldwide jungle that is many more times deadly than our own. His stance on environmentalism comes through in how most of the villains are defeated by their lack of respect for the world itself.
Finx returns to Earth for only the second time in his life to search out the records of the extensive computer network known as the Shell. To do so he uses his empathic Talent to seduce Elena Carolles, a security guard in the Shell, and convinces her to allow him direct access to the most secure databanks. In the Shell he discovers a new bit of data about his mysterious past, information about the Meliorare Society, but the file containing this data has already been stolen by an operative hiding behind the front company Larnaca Nutrition.
The story begins with a woman named Tarissa giving birth to a girl outside the city Spire Vanis. The girl, Ash March, is taken in by Penthero Iss and escapes. The book also relates the tale of a young clansman of the Blackhail clan named Raif Sevrance.
The action takes place in a fictional Central European country, Karistan, where the beautiful Alta lives with her young blind daughter Jewel. Soon they meet an American visitor named Jim Martin, who has been sent to Karistan to prove that a new investment is not going to harm the environment in Karistan.
A Small Town in Germany occurs in the late 1960s, in Bonn, the capital of West Germany. Alan Turner, of the British Foreign Office, arrives to investigate the disappearance of Leo Harting, a minor British Embassy officer. Harting was secretly investigating Klaus Karfeld's Nazi career - as the war-time administrator of a laboratory that poisoned 31 half-Jews.
SS Poseidon is a luxury ocean liner from the golden age of travel. The ship was on its maiden voyage in the North Atlantic with the new company, celebrated with a monthlong Christmas voyage from Those stuck in the dining saloon are unwilling to follow the Reverend, and stay behind. The posse breaks for a while whilst they look for supplies.
Four friends attempt to escape from New Riviera via Flinx's shuttle. They are trapped between two groups both seeking to capture Flinx. In the process of trying to flee the fighting, Clarity is critically wounded. To save her Finx is saved at the last minute by the sentient plants from Midworld on board his ship.
In Sliding Scales Flinx is confounded by how to proceed with his life. He abandoned his injured girlfriend, Clarity Held, on the planet New Riveria under the protection of his friends Truzenzuzex and Bran Tse-Mallory with the understanding he would search the galaxy for the Tar-Aiym weapons platform that has once been in the system Pyrassis.
Finx is sent to the planet of Arrawd to find the Krang, an alien weapon. He is discovered by two members of the Dwarra, a married couple Storra and Ebbanai. The Dwarra take advantage of Flinx's good will and begin to profit from the human's agreement to help heal those who come to the couple's farm. Flinx decides to leave the planet, but too late for his presence has started a war between three of the local governments.
Finx is a semi-successful experiment in eugenics. He is the product of so much DNA splicing that he has no real parents. His dead mother was nothing more than a surrogate womb for hire. Flinx's erratic yet powerful mental gifts save his life, but destroy all traces of the scientist.
The Eight features two intertwined storylines set centuries apart. The first takes place in 1972 and follows American computer expert Catherine Cat Velis as she is sent to Algeria for a special assignment. The second is set in 1790 and revolves around Mireille, a novice nun at Montglane Abbey. The fates of both characters are intertwined as they try to unravel the mystery behind the chess set.
Jonathon Thomas Meriweather is a law student, part-time would-be rock guitarist and janitor. In a world of sentient animals and humans, the hardheaded tortoise wizard Clothahump searches across the dimensions for another kind of wizard to help defeat the looming threat posed by the armies of the Plated Folk.
Jon-Tom accompanies the wizard Clothahump to try to mount a defense against the invasion of the monstrous insectoid Plated Folk. He and his otter companion Mudge, along with other allies gained in "Spellsinger", find themselves faced with ever more serious obstacles. From an underground river that leads to the four waterfalls known as The Earth's Throat, to the spider-silk city of the wary Weavers.
Jon-Tom sets across the Glittergeist Ocean in his strange new world in order to find a magical cure for the dying wizard Clothahump. Along the way he conjures up Roseroar, an Amazonian tiger, rescues Jalwar, the ferret, and together they free Folly, a not so innocent beauty, from bondage.
Jon-Tom the Spellsinger and Mudge the Otter investigate the rising power of a new magician, Marcus the Ineluctable. Along the way they encounter warring colonies of tough-talking prairie dogs, magical mime-vines and a mammoth mountain of living muck.
In 7120 BC, a comet slams into North America, creating Hudson Bay. In 1858 AD, a whaling vessel discovers a 1770s merchant ship frozen in Antarctic ice. A group of U.S. scientists discover an exquisitely carved skull of polished obsidian.
Foster's fantasy series take a page from Kafka's The Metamorphosis. The Spellsinger wakes up one morning as a giant crab. The cause, as determined by the turtle wizard Clothahump, is a trapped perambulator. The inter-dimensional creature wanders through different universes leaving behind random changes.
Blue Moon takes place in the apparently fictional town of Myerton, Tennessee. Richard, still recovering from Anita's rejection in The Killing Dance, has been in Myerton for some time, studying a local group of trolls as part of his masters degree. The plot begins when Anita receives a call from Richard's brother Daniel. Richard has been arrested for an alleged rape, and is refusing to hire a lawyer.
The novel is set "a few years in the future", and frequently references Soviet author Mikhail Bulgakov. The plot centres around Bobby Zha, a Sergeant at the fictional SFPD Chinatown station in San Francisco. The claimed shooting of a burglar by eleven-year-old Natalie Persikov conflicts with Zha's intuition on the matter.
Dinnie Doone has spent most of her life traveling around the United States because her father is transiently employed. Dinnie is taken away by her maternal aunt and her husband to Switzerland, where Uncle Max is the new headmaster of an international boarding school. As the year progresses, Dinnie begins to thrive in the diverse environment and the stability of remaining in one place.
Medicine River chronicles the lives of a group of contemporary First Nations people in Western Canada. The story is recounted by the protagonist, Will Sampson, in an amiable, conversational fashion, with frequent flashbacks to earlier portions of his life. It has been included on the high school reading curriculum in many Canadian jurisdictions.
Adeline is the fifth child to a wealthy Chinese family. Her mother died three days after her birth due to complications bought on by the delivery. In Chinese culture she is considered as bad luck. This is the story of her struggle for acceptance and how she overcomes the odds to prove her worth.
Adventure takes place on the border between the Gran March and the Kingdom of Keoland in the western Flanaess. It is one of the most challenging of the early AD&D modules, featuring a mystery that leads to adventures in town, the wilderness and a dungeon. The scenario details the village and the cult's dungeon caves.
Jon-Tom is trapped in a magical world when his magic duar breaks. He and his friend the otter Mudge search for a repair shop for his instrument. Along the way they encounter pirates, cannibals, talkative porpoises, a flying horse and a beautiful female otter.
Teenager Buncan decides to do his own thing. He puts together a band with Mudge and Weegee's children that features rap music. Unfortunately for them it is Buncan and his band who possess the power to battle the sinister Grand Veritable.  Buncan is the son of Jon-Tom and the daughter of Weegee.
 Spellsinger Jon-Tom and his faithful otter companion, Mudge, embark on a quest that seems to have no end. They rescue a gaggle of spoiled princesses, wage war on a guerrilla gorilla, and escape from a mocking maelstrom before getting on the wrong side of an evil alien band.
The fourth and presumably final war between the United States and Confederate States ends officially on July 14, 1944. The United States commences a full occupation of the former Confederate States and Canada. Texas declares independence from the Confederacy and signs a separate Texas Declaration of Independence. For the first time in almost a century, the Stars and Stripes flies over the whole of the pre-1861 United States territory.
The Masters of Padmasa have started using a great new terror on the world of Ryetelth, not magic but technology. They have begun building cannons that could break the military might of the Argonathi Dragon Legions. To help fight this new threat, the Argonath Empire enlists the aid of western kingdom of Czardha and their horse mounted armored knights.
Pol is torn between anger and guilt at his father's death and relief that he can finally act out against the invading Vellant'im. As he and his mother, Sioned, try to uncover more about the invaders, they discover hidden secrets within an ancient mirror. The southern princedoms are slowly being reclaimed,although many lives are lost.
A ros'alath would be constructed by Pol and Andry with the aide of the Sunrunners of Goddess Keep. The diarmadh'im would be woven into the wall in order to withstand the steel blades of the enemies. In F a The ros'salath stops killing; instead it renders nearly all the Vellant'im unconscious.
Santos Luzardo, a graduate lawyer of the Central University of Venezuela, returns to his father's land in the plains of Apure to sell the land. He discovers that it is controlled by a despotic woman, Doña Bárbara, also known as the men's devourer. She uses seduction and pacts with demonic spirits to satisfy her whims and achieve power.
Kidnapped ends at 2 PM on 25 August 1751 outside the British Linen Company in Edinburgh, Scotland. The first part of the book recounts the attempts of the hero, David Balfour, to gain justice for James Stewart. David also meets and falls in love with Catriona MacGregor Drummond, the daughter of James More, also held in prison.
Lysaer and Arithon are half-brothers raised apart in enmity. Found by the Fellowship of Seven and urged to fulfill a prophecy. They succeed in binding the Mistwraith with help from the Fellowship. Unbeknownst to the brothers and their Sorcerer guides, one wraith escaped containment and seeks retribution against the two.
At the heart of the novel is a libel case: however, despite the potential dullness of such a subject, the author weaves a suspenseful plot. Roger Shorn is a successful journalist. Elegant and clever, he has a way with the ladies. He introduces an old flame, Joanna, to his friend, Don Marlowe, and the two subsequently marry.
Miss Hickory is a doll made from a forked twig from an apple tree and a hickory nut for her head. She lives in a tiny doll house made of corncobs outside the home of her human owners. Her world is shaken when the family decides to spend the winter in Boston, Massachusetts, but leave her behind.
The narrator returns to the small coastal town of Dunnet, Maine, in order to finish writing her book. Upon arriving she settles in with Mrs. Todd, a local elderly apothecary or herbalist. She rents an empty schoolhouse, so she can concentrate on her writing. Captain Littlepage, an 80-year-old retired sailor, comes to the schoolhouse to visit the narrator.
Lieutenant William "Mac" McConnell is assigned as Officer of the Day aboard the destroyer, USS Cassiday. When the attack comes, Lieutenant McConnell takes his ship out of the harbor, leaving his captain and executive officer behind. A Japanese sub scores two torpedo hits on Old Swayback. Torrey is relieved of his command and faces a Board of Inquiry.
Ender is offered the Governorship of the first human colony to be planted on one of the Formics' former worlds, a planet that will eventually become known as Shakespeare. His sister Valentine decides to accompany Ender on his journey because she is sick of being controlled by her older brother, Peter. On their way to the Shakespeare colony, Valentine begins writing her History of the Bugger Wars books.
The play is set in 1943 in the living room of the vicarage at the fictitious village of Merton-cum-Middlewick. The lead character is Penelope Toop, former actress and now wife of the local vicar, the Rev. Lionel Toop. The Toops employ Ida, a Cockney maid.
Sherlock Holmes and the Seventh Doctor team up to solve the mystery of the theft of arcane tomes from The Library of St. John the Beheaded. Susan Foreman, the First Doctor, and the Third Doctor have cameo appearances in the film. The film was released in UK cinemas on November 14, 2013.
Irith Hardey's world is torn apart when her mother is arrested for an unspecified crime. She finds herself caught up in the rebels' underground assault on a Congress data centre. They steal files containing the code for a deadly terminator virus, but no one can decipher it. The group flees to New Orleans, slowly drowning under the rising seas.
Endymion Spring has a double storyline. The first story follows two children in current day Oxford, Blake and Duck Winters. The second story line follows the journey of a young printer's devil who works in Gutenberg's workshop. The two story lines are about 600 years apart, with Spring's story taking place at the epoch of the printing press.
Irith Hardey's life is out of control. The world's climate is in chaos. Rising seas have flooded out half a billion people. Hundreds of millions of refugees are pouring into the west. The global economy is collapsing and democracies are being crushed by the anti-refugee Yellow Armbands.
Dave Mitchell is a 14-year-old who is growing up in mid-20th century New York City. Dave lives with his father and his asthmatic mother and her attacks worsen when Dave and his father have their frequent arguments. Dave's refuge after a clash with his dad is with Kate, an elderly neighbor whose apartment is filled with stray cats.
Heartstopping conclusion to the Alliance of Light series. Lysaer's army of Light to besiege the great citadel of Alestron. Arithon must seek the heartcore of his talent, even while embroiled in a savage battle against those he has vowed to protect. But treachery strikes from deep within the duke's ranks.
Sammy awakens in a lane one morning after a two day drinking binge, and gets into a fight with some plainclothes policemen. When he regains consciousness, he finds that he's been beaten severely and, he gradually realises, is completely blind. The plot of the novel follows Sammy as he explores and comes to terms with his new-found disability, and the difficulties this brings.
The Doctor returns to Agora, the human colony planet where he was born. The Cybermen have enslaved the population and return every three years to take the five hundred fittest humans for conversion. At the same time, Agora plays host to another time traveller, ArcHivist Hegelia, and her novice research partner, Graduand Jolarr.
From the moment Alexander wakes up, things just don't go Alexander's way. In the Australian and New Zealand versions he wants to move to Timbuktu, not Australia. The book ends with Mom's assurance that everybody has bad days, even for people who live in Australia.
Benny and the Doctor land on Earth in the late 30th century, in order to find out more information about a missing alien space ship. They are eventually arrested for murder by Adjucator Roz Forrester and her partner/squire Chris Cwej. The Doctor discovers that the person behind his arrest, and also responsible for supporting the Earth Empire, is Tobias Vaughn.
The plot of the novel is Drogo's lifelong wait for a great war in which his life and the existence of the fort can prove its usefulness. Drogo is posted to the remote outpost overlooking a desolate Tartar desert. The human need for giving life meaning and the soldier's desire for glory are themes in the novel.
In Obsidian Butterfly, Anita travels to New Mexico to repay the favor that she promised Edward at the end of The Killing Dance. Edward wants Anita to assist in a set of apparently supernatural attacks that have left numerous victims dead. In the course of the investigation, Anita learns more about Edward's personal life than she ever has before.
Cesira, a widowed Roman shopkeeper, and Rosetta, a naive teenager of beauty and devout faith. When the German army prepares to enter Rome, Cesira flees south with Rosetta to her native province of Ciociara. For nine months the two women endure hunger, cold, and filth as they await the arrival of the Allied forces.
Waakzaam the Great has attacked Ryetelth again, this time striking against the Sinni. Relkin and Bazil must journey across time and space to battle a giant golem on the Sphereboard of Destiny. Once they accomplish this task, by taking control of giant constructs designed for them, they defeat the evil wizard. They then leave the Legions with Eilsa to finally begin their dream of owning their own land together.
Bazil and Relkin learn to fight and live off the dinosaurian wildlife that inhabits the dark continent of Eigo. During their journey of survival they encounter Lumbee, a female member of the tailed Ardu race. When they find her tribe, Relkin discovers he is in love with Lumbee. He is betrayed by the Ardu and sold to slavers who carry him off to the city of the Elf Lords, Mirchaz.
A Fan's Notes is a sardonic account of mental illness, alcoholism, insulin shock therapy and electroconvulsive therapy. Its central preoccupation with a failure to measure up to the American dream has earned the novel comparisons to Fitzgerald's The Great Gatsby. Exley's introspective "fictional memoir", a tragicomic indictment of 1950s American culture.
Veraldaine is a 13-year-old girl who can speak to animals. She is the assistant horsemistress for the "Queen's Riders" Daine is also the teacher of Numair Salmalin, the most powerful mage in Tortall. She saves Pirate's Swoop from an attack of pirates and Immortals.
Primary Inversion is set in a future where three star-faring civilizations vie for control of human-settled space. Fighter pilot Sauscony Valdoria commands a squadron of four Jagernaut pilots, neurologically enhanced empaths who have been bio-engineered as weapons. The book is divided into three sections.
Gemma Doyle is an outcast at Spence Academy for Young Ladies. She learns of an ancient group of powerful women called the Order. There, she finds a diary written 25 years earlier by a 16-year-old girl named Mary Dowd Gemma tells her friends the truth about her powers and together they travel to the realms.
The book opens with a scene showing a couple of farmhands who are entrusted with disposing of a diseased cow. The story then moves to the protagonist Dr. Kim Reggis who is going through a bad divorce. On a night out with his daughter Becky, he takes her to the nearby fast food chain, OnionRing Burgers. There she eats a rare steak burger. The beef in the burger is revealed to have come from the cow mentioned at the start of the book. The next day Becky dies of multiple organ failure.
Following Grantville's alliance with Gustavus Adolphus and their military successes, texts of modern day history books of the seventeenth century have became very popular among the powerful personages of Europe. The newly formed USE acts to open a trade corridor with the Middle East via Venice to insure supplies of materials unavailable within Western Europe.
Pope Urban VIII had been won over to the actions of the Americans after being saved from his attempted assassination and his subsequent pardon of Galileo Galilei. Pope Urban's relations with the Americans and their allies earned the scorn of his historical enemy Cardinal Gaspar Borja y Velasco. Borja returned to Rome, though living in the outskirts of the city, and cultivated allies with the Spanish element of the Vatican.
Guil Stuart's partner, Aby Dale, and her nighthorse Moon, were killed in a truck convoy accident on Tarmin Height. Stuart heads up the mountain to hunt down and kill the rogue. The rogue with Brionne on its back arrives at the shelter. Stuart tricks Moon by approaching her as a friend and then shoots the horse dead.
Fisher and Cloud escort the Goss children halfway up Rogers Peak to Evergreen village with Harper's riderless nighthorse, Spook, in pursuit. Earnest Rigs, a miner, arrives at the doctor's house for treatment and sees and is entranced by Brionne. The next day, Schaffer finds blood splattered outside her house and Rigs is missing.
The narrative focuses on the stories of several Harvard Professors as they deliberate whether tenure should be imparted on assistant professor Dennis Gossen. The P and T Committee is headed by celebrated anthropologist and Harvard Dean Denton Clegg and consists of distinguished sociologist Oliver Wu, chemist Sophia Ustinov, English professor Calvin Weber, psychology professor Valerie Danzig and mathematics professor Morrison Bell.
Kirth Gersen is on Alphanor with Alusz Iphigenia Eperje-Tokay, a woman he had rescued in the previous novel of the series. Gersen notices a newspaper article announcing the forthcoming execution of Viole Falushe. He locates a surviving slave, whom he buys and frees in exchange for further information concerning his enemy. He is transported to Falus' planet, where he sees that the Demon Prince has built an entire
The prophet, Almustafa, has lived in the foreign city of Orphalese for 12 years. He is stopped by a group of people, with whom he discusses topics such as life and the human condition. The book is divided into chapters dealing with love, marriage, children, giving and work.
Outcast Tom Henderson begins his sophomore year of high school in as quiet way as possible. Through a series of chance circumstances he soon finds himself investigating his father's death, trying to put together a decent rock band with his only friend. The myriad plot strands are brought together during and after a climatic battle of the bands in the school where he inadvertently is the cause of the disappearance of at least one teacher.
Philo Vance receives an anonymous letter alerting him to the possibility that violence will soon be done within a well-known family. Vance attends and witnesses the collapse of the son and heir to the family fortune, a heavy gambler, due to his having been poisoned. At approximately the same time, across town, the son's wife, a former Broadway musical star, dies from poison. Vance must determine the method by which the poison was administered.
Four members of a well-to-do family in Kingsmarkham are shot during dinner. Only Daisy survives with minor injuries. Daisy is the teenage granddaughter of Davina Flory, a popular crime fiction writer. Wexford wishes to protect her in a fatherly way, as he is with his own daughter Sheila.
The main plot of Checkers is told in flash back, first-person narration which takes the form of a diary. The author of this diary is a nameless teenage girl, who is a voluntary patient in a Psychiatric Ward. She refuses to talk about why she's there and does not say a word during her Group therapy sessions. The novel also has many sub-plots which takes place in the psychiatric ward in real time.
Darian, the black sheep of his village, is blamed for every misdemeanour of the village children. When his parents died and on the verge of being abandoned, Darin is apprenticed to the village hedge wizard - Justyn. However, this makes Darian unhappy and the villages feel he is ungrateful causing them to be hostile. Darian just doesn't want to learn to use the magical ability inside him. Then one day the village is unexpectedly attacked by barbarians from the north - the Bear Clan - who take over the village. In the fight Justyn is killed and Darian flees. During his flight Darian is unexpectedly rescued by a Hawkbrother scout called Snowfire, who has some magic of his own. He is adopted by the Hawkbrothers and becomes Snowfire's little brother.
The Harmony Silk Factory is the textiles store run by Johnny Lim, a Chinese peasant living in rural Malay in the first half of the twentieth century. To his son, Jasper, Johnny is a crook and a collaborator who betrayed the very people he pretended to serve. The novel reveals the difficulty of knowing another human being, and how our assumptions about others also determine who we are.
Heroine Kitty Charing has been brought up in rural isolation by her rich and eccentric guardian, Matthew Penicuik. Uncle Matthew makes the whimsical decision to name Kitty as his heiress, but only if she marries one of his extensive collection of great-nephews. The complications that ensue are reflected in the title: a cotillion was originally a dance for four couples.
The novel opens with the invasion of the Korean Demilitarized Zone by North Korea. A radical Russian general, Zorin, seizes control of the Stavka and gains access to Russia's nuclear launch codes. The novel follows Greg Lambert, the National Security Advisor to the President, in the inner governmental circles as the war begins.
Iris Wildthyme is played in Big Finish audio dramas by Katy Manning, who played Jo Grant in Doctor Who. Iris and her companion Tom reappear in the audio adventures Wildthy me at Large and The Devil in Ms WildthyMe. The Doctor is cut off from many of his friends and allies.
Troilo sees the lovelorn glances of other young men attending a festival in the Palladium. But almost immediately he sees a young widow in mourning. This is Criseida. Troilo falls in love with her but sees no sign of her similar feelings in him. During a truce, Calcas persuades the Greeks to propose a hostage exchange.
At the request of Saint James, Charlemagne embarks on four wars to wrest Spain from the Saracens. In the first war, he takes his army to Santiago de Compostela and conquers all of Spain. A second war is brought on to battle the African king Agolant who, briefly, reconquers the country. The chronicle ends with several appendices, including the purported discovery of Turpin's tomb by Pope Calixtus II.
A Fortress of Grey Ice represents a greater division of storylines than was present in the first book. The novel opens with new characters and settings, then moves quickly to Ash March's abrupt and covert departure from Raif in order to join the Sull. Raif finds himself alone, now abandoned by clan and friend, cut off from everyone and everything that he loves.
Gervase Frant, 7th Earl of St Erth, returns to his family seat at St Canyon. He inherited from his father while abroad with the army against Napoleon. Gervase meets Marianne, the daughter of another member of the local gentry, Sir Thomas.
After acting as an aide-de-camp at the Battle of Waterloo, Jack Staple is finding civilian life tedious. Following a formal dinner party in honour of his cousin's engagement, Jack sets out by himself on horseback to visit a more congenial friend. After getting lost in the dark and rain he reaches a toll-gate where a frightened 11-year old lad is acting as toll collector in the absence of his father.
April Lady is the story of Nell Cardross the young beautiful wife of the Earl of Cardross. She is of a "good family", one that is accepted by high society, but nonetheless her father and brother spend freely and the family is known to be impoverished. Cardross, on the other hand, is significantly older and has been out in society for some time. He falls for Nell on sight and, in spite of the warnings of his friends, he proposes to her at once.
Massie begins with the birth of Queen Victoria and follows the chronology of the royal families of Europe. The unification of Germany by Bismarck and the crowning of Kaiser William II. Alfred von Tirpitz and his plan for German naval superiority, the Kruger Telegram, Boer War and Boxer Rebellion.
Narcissus in Chains takes place shortly after the events of Obsidian Butterfly. In the epilogue, Anita mourns Richard, but explains that she believes that their romantic relationship is finally over. She is no longer the lupa of the Thronos Rokke clan, but has become its bol.
The novel and film tell the story of Bob Rusk, a serial killer in London who rapes and strangles women. Because of circumstantial evidence, however, the police come to suspect Rusk's friend Richard Blamey. The film is based on a novel written by David Walliams.
Mason Verger, a wealthy, sadistic pedophile, was left horribly disfigured after a "therapy session" with Lecter. He plans to get revenge by feeding Lecter to wild boars, using Starling as his victim. The novel briefly touches upon Lecter's childhood, specifically the death of his beloved younger sister, Mischa.
Two lovers, Rex Hofman and Saskia Ehlvest, have traveled to France for a bicycling vacation. One night they have a minor argument but quickly make up, and Rex pulls over at a convenience store to refuel. Saskia goes into the station to buy drinks and is never seen again. Eight years later he is still haunted by her disappearance. He is in a relationship with another woman named Lieneke, who is sympathetic to, and frustrated by, the hold that Saskia's disappearance has over him.
The Siege of Krishnapur is part of Farrell's "Empire Trilogy", which concerns the British Empire and its decline in three locations. Other books in the series are Troubles, about the Easter 1916 rebellion in Ireland, and The Singapore Grip, which takes place just before the invasion of Singapore by the Japanese in World War II.
Nicholas Seafort is a seventeen-year-old midshipman on his first space assignment. He beats back a challenge to his authority by Vax Holser, the next most senior. Three crewmen were condemned to death for assaulting the sergeant-at-arms in an attempt to conceal their drug-making operation.
Nicholas Seafort is given command of UNS Portia, part of Admiral Geoffrey Tremaine's task force. Portia is given the task of transporting a group of Lower New York 'transpops' - uneducated and often violent street children - to the colony of Detour beyond Hope Nation. The squadron is attacked by Fish that board Portia and release their lethal virus into the ship. Shortly after this Amanda Seafort, driven insane by grief, commits suicide, and Nicholas suffers a temporary breakdown as a result.
The plot begins not very long after the Third Expansion began. The protagonist, one "Hama", is investigating the surviving Qax-collaborators. He follows one renegade Pharaoh to Callisto. The story is collected in the anthology Resplendent.
Firstborn opens with Bisesa Dutt waking up after 19 years of suspended animation. The novel's action switches stage frequently between the Earth of 2069, the 'jigsaw-planet' Mir 31 years after its creation, and Mars' North Pole. The universe containing Mir and Mars is rapidly decaying, and has only another 500 years left before it ends in a Big Rip.
In 2029 CE, the Earth is run by the Unity organisation after a devastating world war. Unity runs the planet, controlling humans from childhood education onwards through the Vulcan series of artificial intelligences. Vulcan 3 has become sentient and is considering drastic action to combat what it sees as a threat to itself.
The Lover is a novel based on the real-life case of serial killer Gordon Cummins, also known as the Blackout Ripper. Cummins began strangling and mutilating female prostitutes in London during the bombing and subsequent blackout in the city. The novel looks at the events from three view points: a female prostitute with a young son who is a potential victim, a woman who met Cummings and became infatuated with him, and Cummins himself.
Midworld is a planet entirely covered by a rain forest three-quarters of a kilometer tall. Born is a member of the primitive society that has lived peacefully on Midworld for hundreds of years. The world is disrupted by the arrival of an exploitative human company from Earth.
Claude Wheeler meets and befriends the Erlich family at Temple College. When his father expands the family farm, Claude is obligated to leave university and operate part of the farm. He marries Enid Royce, a childhood friend, but she is more interested in political activism and Christian missionary work than she is in loving and caring for Claude. As World War I begins in Europe, the family is fixated on every development from overseas.
Cachalot is an ocean planet where humans have begun building floating cities. It is also the same planet where all of Earth's cetaceans were transplanted six hundred years ago. Five of these cities have been destroyed when a scientist and her late-teen daughter are dispatched to the planet to discover the source of the attacks.
Scientists Eitienne and Lyra Redowl come to the planet Horseye to study the immense Skar River and its spectacular river chasm. The Mai, traders from the river delta, are prepared to help the Redowls, but had their own agenda for doing so. It was rumoured that at the head of the river was the City of the Dead and a great treasure.
Set in the Humanx Commonwealth, Prism is a unique planet because its ecosystem contains both silicon-based and carbon-based life. Evan Orgell, a management troubleshooter, sent to Prism to investigate the disappearance of a research group, finds himself fighting for his survival in this strange crystalline environment.
Two scientists race against their vicious alien nemesis, the AAnn, to secure a treaty for mining rights on the newly discovered planet Senisran. The aboriginal natives' sacred stones are found to have an immense power that the humans and the A Ann will do almost anything to obtain.
On the distant planet Fluva, torrential rains that leave it barely habitable also make it a treasure trove of rare botanical specimens. While the rescuers and the rescued are all slogging it out of the ultimate rain forest, the reptilian AAnn empire is fomenting bloody trouble between the Sakuntula and the Deyzara.
The first tale concerns an Indian servant from Bombay who accompanies his master on a diplomatic mission. The second story has an unreliable narrator. The narrator is initially on a ferry to Egypt, and concludes many years later as a tourist in Egypt again. The third story concerns a rural West Indian family, a set of cousins, one of whom manages to humiliate the narrator.
The film follows the story of Matt, a man who is kidnapped by the Peruvian police. With the help of a local Peruvian, Pedro, Matt manages to get to the meeting place. Matt meets Pedro in a dream, revealing that he is one of the Five. Matt has no choice but to stop the gate from being opened alone.
The Hunter was re-issued by the University of Chicago Press in August 2008. The plot concerns a criminal, Parker who, having been betrayed, shot, and left for dead by his partner and wife. The novel was written as a stand-alone crime novel, but when Westlake turned it in, his editor told him to rewrite the ending so that Parker escaped.
In The Quest for Tanelorn, Erekose learns more about the events that concluded Phoenix in Obsidian. The story begins after Erekosë has ended the war and found peace. Then the dreams of eternal struggle, that tormented him in The Eternal Champion, begin again. He finds himself transported into the body of Urlik Skarsol.
Hugo Darracott, an enormous figure of a young man, arrives at his family home in Sussex. His grandfather puts pressure on his older grandchildren, Vincent, Anthea and Claud, to educate Hugo. It emerges that Richmond, bored by being kept at home with nothing to do, has started joining in the smuggling.
Scooby Gang are preparing for the first annual band fund-raising rummage sale. Items are stored in the school basement, which is directly above the Hellmouth. Items on sale seem to be having an unexpected effect on those that buy them. School is quarantined leaving Buffy and Giles to sort things out.
Chiriguaná is threatened with rape and murder by the caprices of the thuggish Capitan Figueras. Doña Constanza's plan to divert the Mula river in order to feed her swimming pool leads them to celebrate a three-day long fiesta. In the capital of the nation, the handsome young Capitan Asado is promoted to Colonel and given orders from the highest positions in the military to eliminate communists.
Polly Slade is a 34-year-old woman with no money, no love life and a boring, run of the mill job at the local town council. She has attracted the obsessive attention of Peter, an ex-client Jack met at a motorway service station. The relationship ended when he took her to a hotel and then walked out on her as she slept, leaving her with no way of contacting him.
Manfred von Bek flees from the Reign of Terror in 1793. He meets Libussa, the Duchess of Crete, and becomes smitten with her. Soon after meeting with Satan, he becomes involved in a quest to find the Holy Grail. After traveling through the shadow land of Mittelmarch, this unlikely alliance arrives in the City in the Autumn Stars.
The story starts in Spanish Guinea with a Frenchman on vacation. He finds a man named Toundi, who has been injured and soon dies. The rest of the story is of the diary that the Frenchman is supposedly reading. T M. Moreau is perceived to be ruthless against the Africans.
This symbolic play is centred around a lady called Ellida. She is the daughter of a lighthouse-keeper, and grew up where the fjord met the open sea. Some years earlier Ellida was deeply in love and engaged to a sailor, but because he murdered his captain he had to escape. The sailor then returns all these years later to claim her. However she then has to choose between her love or her husband.
Bruno is a 9-year-old boy growing up during World War II in Berlin. His father is a high-ranking SS officer who, after a visit from Adolf Hitler and Eva Braun, is promoted to Commandant. Bruno's mother persuades his father to take them back to Berlin after a year.
A Dutch teenager, Martin Arkenhout, and an American college student, Seth Goodman, strike up a conversation on a bus in Florida. The car breaks down and Goodman, trying to summon help on the roadside, is struck by a passing car and left critically injured. ArkenHout bludgeons Goodman with a rock, switches their wallets and papers, and continues Goodman's journey to college in New York. He soon must give up the identity when Goodman's suspicious parents demand he comes home for Christmas.
This book is about a 19 year old girl named Tish, whose real name is Clementine. She is in love with a 22 year old sculptor named Fonny. They become engaged and she becomes impregnated. However, he is falsely accused of raping a Puerto Rican woman. He was set up by a racist police man and he soon goes to jail.
The book is about a man who goes back to the past to find a friend who was never born. In November 1970, Simon Morley, an advertising sketch artist, is approached by U.S. Army Major Ruben Prien to participate in a secret government project. The project rents an apartment at the famous Dakota apartment building, which did not actually exist in 1882.
Cerulean Sins apparently takes place some time after the events of the previous novel, Narcissus in Chains. Anita learns of a series of shockingly brutal rapes and murders, apparently committed by a shapeshifting serial killer. She and Jean-Claude take Asher to their bed in a menage a trois, making Asher their lover and therefore immune to most harm.
The plot is a love story about a powerful ruler of medieval Iraq and a beautiful commoner girl named Zabibah. The book is set in 7th or 8th century Tikrit, Hussein's home town. Although the book is on the surface a romance novel, it is an allegory.
Bernice is stranded on a vampire-infested world with the Doctor's former companion Romana. The chief monster is a supernaturally powerful creature called Agonal. Rassilon traps Agonal in his tomb, just as he trapped Borusa in the television story, "The Five Doctors"
A mannequin is kept in the cellar of a flat where a man lives. The man periodically "strangles" the figure in order to satisfy his homicidal urges. A young man, healthy in mind and body, becomes a roomer in the house. The young man uses the figure as the bonfire at the Guy Fawkes Night celebration he has organized.
Vlad has traveled through Dragaera for over two years. He now wears normal clothing, has discarded most of his assassin arsenal, and has lost a finger. While entering the village of Smallcliff, he meets Savn, a Teckla boy apprenticed to the local physicker. The two strike up a brief conversation, and Savn is often confused by Vlad's behavior.
An old woman grants Alex one wish for his kindness to her. Alex uses it to wish that his little brother Stevie had never been born. To his horror, it comes true. Although no one else remembers Stevie, and Alex's life is in some ways better now, he is still guilt-stricken.
Nora the mouse returns with all her middle-child problems still on display. What's a mouse to do when little brother and big sister take up all mom and dad's time? Yup. Look at these new pictures and you can almost hear the racket. With all that clatter, it might be better to read this one before dinner, not before bed!
The plot revolves around a group of British teenagers, Dino and his two best friends Ben and Jonathon. Dino really likes beautiful in shape Jackie - the girl he sees as an equal, the most popular girl at school. Ben's been secretly seeing his teacher, Miss Young, the typical teenage fantasy.
The story is about a lovable and grumpy angel named Toccio. He is in Heaven and loves to play, but hates to study. The Big Boss gets tired of his antics, and commands him to help people out or he will lose his place in Heaven.
Miriam's adoptive mother gives her a shoebox filled with items that belonged to Miriam's birth mother, a Jane Doe who died mysteriously when Miriam was only a baby. Among other items, Miriam finds a locket. Inside is a design not unlike a Celtic knot, and when she focuses on it, she is transported to a parallel world that never developed beyond the Dark Ages.
Edward William "Win" Bear is a Ute Indian who works for the Denver Police Department in a version of the United States controlled by an anti-business, ecofascist faction. Bear eventually finds himself projected into the NAC by means of the "Probability Broach," an interdimensional conduit.
In 1942 Jenkins is working in Whitehall as Pennistone's assistant, looking after the Poles in Allied Liaison under Finn. He attends a Cabinet Office meeting, chaired by Widmerpool, where he finds Sunny Farebrother and a dejected Peter Templer. Jenkins is living in a flat in Chelsea in early 1943 and is promoted in his liaison duties to supervising the Belgians and Czechs.
Pancho, also known as Darn Cat or DC, is in the habit of prowling the neighborhood at night. One night he returns home with a wristwatch round his neck. It is determined that the watch belongs to a bank teller who is being held hostage.
Hugues Viane, a widower overcome with grief, takes refuge in Bruges. He becomes obsessed with a dancer he sees at the opera Robert le diable. He courts her, but in time he comes to see she is very different, coarser.
As Elizabeth tells her story, so the tragic events that took place at the House of Stairs 20 years before are revealed. She tracks Bell Sanger down and renews her acquaintance, with terrifying results.  As Elizabeth tells their story,  the events of 20 years ago are revealed to the world.
Danica has begun to fit into serpiente society more and more, but other people do not have her courage or motivation. Syfka has absolutely no respect for the reunification of the two cultures and with her falcon magic, she has no problem with trying to destroy the fragile peace. Neither of the sides is willing to try to join the other.
Nicias is the child of Kel and Andreios, resident falcons of Wyvern's Court. Darien was once Kel's best friend and partner in Cjarsa's Mercy. Avians and serpiente had been fighting for thousands of years. When the coven of the Dasi split, the magic of both the serpents and the falcons became unstable.
Mix Cellini is a lonely, maladjusted young man who lives in an old Victorian house on Notting Hill. While his reclusive landlady, Gwendoline Chawcer, spends her time reading and pondering lost loves, Mix grows dangerously obsessed with serial killer John Christie.
The multiverse, shaped like a figure eight, contains Ayeward and Nayward worlds. It is the task of the magids to urge the worlds in an Ayewards direction. Rupert Venables is Earth's junior Magid, though his day job is writing software. He is also responsible for the Koryfonic Empire.
Ismay Sealand believes that her younger sister, Heather, murdered their stepfather Guy when they were teenagers. Edmund Litton's mother, Ire Edmund sets up a date with a woman who works in the catering department of the hospice where he works, Heather Sealand. Ismay is desperately in love with Andrew Campbell-Sedge, who looks very like her dead stepfather.
The book follows Muo, a French psychoanalyst, who returns to China to rescue his university sweetheart. While her given name is never revealed, her initials are H.C. Volcano of the Old Moon never makes an appearance in the book, but is thought of often by Muo. The story is not always told chronologically.
C.J. Cherryh is the author of the Gene War novels Hammerfall and its sequel Forge of Heaven. The Cherryh Odyssey consists of eight analytical essays, four personal reflections, and a fifty-six page bibliography of Cherryh by Stan Szalewicz. In this essay Fancher also analyses Cherryh's writing style.
"The Child Called "It"" is about a man's quest to become a firefighter in the steps of his father. The son's inability to trust another person is a partial reason for the failure of his marriage. The kind couple Dave treats as parents give him ample space to study these lessons from his past.
Mary Jago volunteers to donate bone marrow against the will of her boyfriend, Alistair. He beats her after finding out, so she breaks up with him and goes house-sitting for a rich couple in London. Mary makes an appointment with Leo Nash, the leukemia patient whose life she prolonged. Although he's secretive about his private life and doesn't want her to see his brother she starts an affair with him.
The cycle follows the life of Kristin Lavransdatter, a fictitious Norwegian woman living in the 14th century. Kristin grows up in Sil in Gudbrandsdalen, the daughter of a well-respected and affluent. She is sent to Nonneseter Abbey, a Benedictine nunnery in Oslo, which proves to be a turning point in her life.
Johnny, My Friend is narrated by 12-year-old Krille. A new boy, Johnny, appears in Krille's life, and quickly impresses the neighborhood boys with his bicycling prowess. The boys of the neighborhood do not know where he lives, and sometimes he disappears for long periods, only to turn up again without explanation.
The story is told through the eyes of Stanley Mitchell, a thirteen-year-old boy. Stanley discovers a tin box containing a collection of troubled love letters that ultimately lead him to a burned-out house, the mysterious deaths of two young women and various secrets. Stanley's ally is Buster Smith, the projectionist at the drive-in theater, an elderly black man whose attempts to drown his demons in alcohol are doomed to failure.
Dr Raymond Akande is Wexford's new GP and one of the few Black British people in Kingsmarkham. When Akande's daughter goes missing, and a body of a young black woman is found, wexford is confronted by his own prejudices. 
Liza is terrified when her mother tells her she must leave their remote home. She has never been on a bus or a train, has never played with a child of her own age. With £100 in cash, Liza is cast adrift. However, she is not alone. There is one particular secret she has kept from her mother.
Desvendapur is an anti-social Thranx poet native to the colony on Willow-Wane. He believes he can find new inspiration for his poetry by coming in contact with the physically repulsive humans. His aspirations lead him to a secret thranx colony in the Amazon Basin on Terra where he meets a petty human thief turned murderer, Cheelo Montoya.
It has been twenty years since the chance meeting of street thug Cheelo Montoya and thranx poet Desvendapur revealed the insectoid alien colony hidden deep within the Amazon Basin. The Pitar are a close human analog to humans, appearing to be perfectly human except for a wider variety of hair and eye colors along with nearly god-like physiques. The humans form a space armada with the intention of bringing war and destruction to the Pitar's twin homeworlds.
The story begins in Rome during late spring, AD 71. Marcus Didius Falco and a group of the Praetorian Guard are disposing of a decomposing corpse. Falco is sent to Magna Graecia in southern Italy in search of Aulus Curtius Gordianus, the brother of Curtius Longinus. Arriving in Crotone he is almost immediately caught up in a plot.
In Poseidon's Gold, Falco returns from a six month mission to Germania Liberia, only to become embroiled in the after-effects of a scam. The story recounts shipping scams, crooked antiques auctions and hired thugs, all while Falco is trying to clear his family's name.
 Falco takes on a new spying mission for Vespasian to the east of the Empire. He also plans to investigate the disappearance of a young musician, Sophrona. With Helena Justina, he travels to Petra, where they encounter a theatre group who have just lost their playwright due to drowning.
In the third and concluding novel of this trilogy, an uncomfortable alliance of Thranx, humans, and AAnn, explores the well-kept secrets of the lost civilization of the Sauun on the frontier world Comagrave. After a series of accidents that occur where the AAnn are convenient for helping an injured or stranded human, the chief ThranX scientist starts suspecting an anti-Thranx conspiracy. Meanwhile on the planet Dawn, such a conspiracy seems to be up and running, for terrorists there plan vicious destruction to crush the infant commonwealth.
Guy Curran led a local street gang and dealt drugs before falling madly in love with Lenora Chisholm. Despite an initially passionate romance the fairytale soon subsides, and Lenora tells a distraught Guy that she has found a new love. This announcement sets off a dark chain of events that will lead Guy into obsession, stalking and finally murder.
The novel's protagonist is Philip Wardman, a relatively normal young man. Philip lives at home with his mother and sister, and his feminine ideal is exemplified by a beautiful statue of Flora, a nymph. One day Philip's sister marries, and Philip meets eccentric Senta Pelham, one of her bridesmaids. The two begin a passionate affair, but Philip's world comes crashing down around him.
The book begins when a garotted body is found in a deserted subterranean Kingsmarkham car-park. The victim is Gwen Robson, a middle-aged home help and resident of the town. Detective Inspector Mike Burden must forge ahead alone in the investigation, and quickly narrows in on a suspect.
The main adult protagonist is John Creevey who stumbles upon a series of hidden coded messages. The coded messages are, however, being left by rival groups of public schoolboys. These boys are emulating the world of the 1980s spy fiction with the home team led by 14-year-old Mungo battling against Moscow Centre.
Two schoolgirls live with their widowed father Luke, a gentle well-educated man, meticulous and orderly. Elvira and Spinny are watchful, however, for Luke plans to remarry and has chosen Mary. The threat to the girls' world is removed when Mary falls to her death.
Consuelo Ramos, recently released from forced detention in a mental institution, begins to communicate with a figure that may or may not be imaginary. She realizes that Luciente is from a future, utopian world in which a number of the goals of the political and social agenda of the late sixties and early seventies radical movements have been fulfilled.
When Wexford does a favour for his wife - to look into the disappearance of one of their neighbours' husbands - everything he finds seems to confirm his first inkling. However, when Rodney Williams is found dead, and another local man is stabbed in his car, he finds himself thrown into an investigation involving a militant feministic organisation.
18-year-old Annabel Hope Jayquith is both beautiful and famous in her world of wealth and prestige. While at a charity event in Manhattan, she meets and falls in love with Daniel Madison Ransom. Annabel and Daniel meet again at their mutual friends Venice Pierce and Michael Theil's wedding.
The Emersons return home to England for the summer of 1896, as is their custom. Upon their arrival, Amelia finds that her despised brother James wants to dump his two children, Percy and Violet, on theemersons. Kevin O'Connell enters the story as he reports on a supposed curse on a mummy in the British Museum.
Walter Hartright, a young art teacher, is walking from Hampstead to London late one summer's evening. He meets a mysterious woman dressed in white, apparently in deep distress. He helps her on her way to London, but Laura and Sir Percival Glyde marry in December 1849.
Daphne Manners comes to India to live with her only remaining near kinsman, Lady Manners. Daphne learns to despise the attitudes of the English in India and also grows to love Hari. The local police superintendent, Ronald Merrick, has designs both on DAPHne and Hari, making for a potent love triangle.
Barbie Batchelor is an old missionary schoolteacher. She finds a place as a paying guest with Mabel Layton, the aristocracy of the English in India. Pankot society does not know what to make of Barbie and her insistence on sharing a picture. Barbie dies just as the atomic bomb is exploded over Hiroshima.
The story covers in personal terms the humbling and hasty decamping of the British. The tragic consequences of India-Pakistan partition are dramatized in a horrific train massacre. Sergeant Guy Perron, once a pupil of a public school called Chillingborough, also attended when he lived in England.
In a hypothetical 1990s apartheid South Africa, the ruling National Party and its new state president prepare to end decades of racial injustice and conflict. With most of South Africa's moderate cabinet dead, Vorster becomes president. Security forces begin brutal crackdowns on anti-apartheid organizations. The U.S. and Great Britain authorize direct military intervention in South Africa.
High King Uther Pendragon blames his son's death on Arthur and exiles him to Armorica. The pagan magic seems to work and a male child is Derfel is one of the orphans at Ynys Wydryn. He learns that Merlin has gone north, leaving Nimue on the Isle of D.
"The Winter King" ends with Arthur's unexpected victory over the combined armies of Powys and Siluria. Derfel watches with frustration Ceinwyn's betrothal to Lancelot, and her apparent happiness with the marriage. Merlin asks Derfal to accompany him on the quest for a magical Cauldron, one of the Thirteen Treasures of the Island of Britain.
Punk rock fan Seeth rescues a stranger from arrest at his favorite hang-out, the bowling alley, only to discover that the cops are killer aliens. Seeth soon finds himself on the run, not just on the streets of Earth, but among the stars as well. Along the way he is joined by geeky bookworm Kerwin and Valley girl Miranda.
The winter before he was sixteen, Pup's Mum died and he sells his soul to the devil. He wasn't quite sure what he was going to get in exchange. For the time being, all he asked for was to be happy, and to grow a bit taller.
Chief Inspector Reg Wexford takes a holiday to China, takes in the Great Wall, the Forbidden Palace. Shortly after his return, he finds out that one of his fellow tourists from the trip has been killed in her home. A burglary, it seems like, but wexford has other ideas.
The novel's protagonist is Joe Oakes - "Oakesy" - a journalist who makes his living exposing supernatural hoaxes. A bizarre videotape recorded by a tourist catches a glimpse of a disturbing creature, half-man half-beast. Pig Island is home to a mysterious religious community, the Psychogenic Healing Ministries.
Wattenberg and Scammon argued that while the Democratic Party "owned" "the Economic Issue" , the Republicans likewise "own" " the Social Issue" They argued that whichever party could exploit their own strengths, and neutralize their opponent's, would prevail. The authors traced the dichotomy in part to voter concerns about "law and order" in the 1960s.
The novel begins shortly after the end of Enemy of God. Arthur has taken full control of Dumnonia, Guinevere is imprisoned, Mordred who, while still king, has had his power taken away from him. Lancelot has joined with the Saxons and Derfel is trying to deal with both his daughter's death and his service to Arthur.
Vanye is captured by humans led by Fwar, who has a grudge against him. Vanye is seized by the khal, who resent Roh's power over them. Morgaine and Vanye are forced to flee into the forests of Azeroth. They find shelter with friendly villagers. Eventually, they call on their qhal lord for guidance.
Morgaine is determined to complete the mission she and four companions had set out on a century before: to close the master Gate at Ivrel. The last five Union survivors had recruited allies to attack the master of the Gate of Ivrel, but they were betrayed and nearly their entire army was swallowed up by the Gate.
Morgaine is the last survivor of a band of one hundred sent for that purpose. Vanye is a chance-met warrior, bound to obey her initially by his stubborn sense of honor and later for other reasons. Mija Jherun, a fey seventeen-year-old peasant woman, lives in a world inexorably being overwhelmed by the sea.
Morgaine must meet her greatest challenge-Gault, who is both human and alien, and also seeks control of the world and its Gate. She will meet the true Gatemaster-a mysterious lord with power as great, or greater, than her own.
Depressed at being an 'ordinary' child in a talented family, Jack Bagthorpe enlists the help of his Uncle Parker in hatching a scheme to become equal. Jack has a clandestine meeting with Uncle Parker during which they conspire to turn Jack into a prophet or seer.
The novel's first chapter begins in London, with Karl Glogauer travelling through Kensington on his way to the Derry and Tom's Roof Gardens. There, on a bench in the Spanish Gardens, he fantasises about the past, trying to put "his mother, his childhood as it actually was, and the failure of his ambitions" out of his head. His imaginations are interrupted by a dark-skinned man who spends the entirety of the novel unnamed.
David Allard, an orphan, returns to his hometown of Ashbury from boarding school. David's uncle is upset that his gardener has found another job over at Thunderly Hill. A man named Mr. Wedding takes David out for lunch in a car chauffeured by a beautiful lady. They arrive at a green island, linked to the mainland by a long arching bridge.
"In the Machine" is set in mid-to-late 19th Century New York. Lucas, Simon's younger brother, is sent to work at the factory in Simon's place. Lucas has a strange affliction in which he intermittently and uncontrollably spouts the poetry of Walt Whitman.
Five students - Liz, Mike, Alex, Frankie and Geoff - are lured into an abandoned cellar by a malevolent prankster named Martyn. All is well for the three days, in which they socialise and get to know each other better; but when three days pass and Martyn is nowhere to be seen, the group must face the possibility that they are trapped indefinitely. Flash forwards of a "dream summer" section punctuate the story, narrated by Liz, reveal that most of them got out of the hole.
The story begins when three young boys rob a minimart and the salesclerk is killed. Police chase the boys and they end up taking a family hostage. The house taken hostage was owned by Sonny Benza, a man who rules over the West Coast's most powerful Mafia empire.
The story follows Marcy Lewis, an amply-contoured thirteen-year-old freshman girl who hates her looks. She has a verbally abusive father and it seems her parents, Martin and Lily Lewis, are always fighting. Marcy refuses to take gym due to her insecurity over her large figure.
John Robie was a daring, supremely athletic burglar, known as Le Chat. Robie specialized in jewel thefts from hotels and villas on the French Riviera. In 1951, there were new jewel thefts on the Riviera, exactly in the Jean-Pierre disguises Robie as a pudgy, middle-aged man.
Columnist Stephen Walby often goes on long walks through the countryside that lies outside his window. However, events take on a sinister turn when he stumbles across the body of a young woman. After another corpse surfaces he finds himself under suspicion from the local police. When he then goes on to discover that his wife has been having an affair, tragedy ensues.
Sir Manuel Camargue dies after falling into an icy river. His long lost daughter arrives in anticipation of the reading of his will. Suspicions of foul play arise as the old man's will is read out in front of the family. The film is based on a true story by the same name.
Martin Urban is a young accountant leading the comfortable though somewhat dull life of a bachelor. Francesca enters into his life, a mysterious young woman who captures his heart. And when he meets Finn, the twisted son of his mother's cleaning lady, the good intentions of Martin become fatally entangled with the macabre madness of Finn.
Body found under hedge was that of a middle-aged woman, biggish and gaunt. There was nothing to give Detective Chief Inspector Wexford her address, her occupation or even her identity - let alone any clues which might lead to her killer. The body was found under a hedge in the town centre.
Torments of the Traitor is also the story of a new character Maelys, whose once great family have hatched a plan for her to rescue Nish from the prison his father has set him in. Maely's family hope to be raised up to their former glory if Nish rebels against his Father, and become God-Emperor.
Radcliffe, Amelia and Ramses travel to the Sudan, to excavate at Gebel Barkal and Napata, the first Nubian capital. Reggie Forthright is set on seeking his long-lost uncle, and when he disappears in the western wastes, the Emersons have no recourse but to go after him.
The story is set in Prohibition-era New York City. The main characters are a former private detective, Nick Charles, and his clever young wife, Nora. Charles is drawn, mostly against his will, into investigating a murder. The case brings them in contact with a rather grotesque family, the Wynants, and also with an assortment of policemen and lowlifes.
This was the only Past Doctor Adventure to feature the Eighth Doctor. It is the twenty-second century and Earth is caught in a war with powerful alien forces. Paranoia runs rampant and the Doctor is in danger from all directions. The original novels featuring that incarnation formed their own series. However, with the 2005 revival of the television series, and the BBC's New Series Adventures being published, the EighthDoctor Adventures came to an end.
The Doctor and his two companions travel to Arkhaven. It is one of the last cities on a doomed alien planet. The city has one plan for survival, no backup. There are underlying plans threatening to sabotage this. The Doctor then must deal with the 'Creeper', an entity prowling the outskirts.
Jessie Keyser is a 13-year-old girl from the village of Clifton, Indiana in the 1840s. During a village-wide outbreak of diphtheria, Jessie's mother reveals that the actual year is 1996. She secretly sends Jessie out of the village with a pair of jeans and t-shirt to retrieve a cure.
Incubus Dreams apparently takes place a few weeks after the events of Cerulean Sins. Anita must respond to the request of Barbara and Steve Brown that Anita raise their dead son. She, Jean-Claude, Richard, and Damian are all experiencing unexpected increases in their magical power.
The novel begins with a Prologue, which describes the setting, the physical landscape around the two towns, Truth on the American side and the reserve Bright Water on the Canadian. The two towns are separated by the Shield river, which also The story branches out from this point to touch the stories of other characters connected to Tecumseh.
Townrow is a 31-year-old Fund Distributor stealing from the fund he is in charge of. He is contacted by the widow of an old friend, Elie Khoury. They had met in 1946, in Port Said in Cairo after he had been thrown from a horse in front of her beach hut. She wants Townrow to go to see her in Cairo because she believes her husband was murdered.
Chief Inspector Wexford could discover no motive, no reason, no suspect - all he had were his own intuitive suspicions. Probably he was reading meaning where there was none; probably Angela Hathall really had picked up a stranger, and that stranger had killed her. But why such doubt? Was wexford becoming cynical and untrusting - or was this simply one of the most ingenious crimes he had ever tackled?
Two years ago he was a promising young novelist. Now he barely survives, in a near-derelict cottage with only an unhooked telephone and his own obsessive thoughts for company. Two years of loving Drusilla, but the affair is over and the long slide into deception and violence has just begun.
Two lovers find a body in a quarry that makes even Reg Wexford's stomach lurch. Kingsmarkham doesn't have too many complaints about its first annual rock festival. All he can discover is that there is a strange connection with the star of the festival.
A girl with no name, no possessions and no past, is found murdered in a vast, overgrown London cemetery. Wexford is in the capital for a rest on doctor's orders, but is drawn into the investigation when his nephew is given charge of the case.
Little Stella Rivers disappears and is never seen again. Five-year-old John Lawrence fails to come home, and evil, mad, taunting letters begin. The letters make the worst, unspoken imaginings a brutal reality. For more information, visit www.cnn.com/soulmatestories.
Stanley has dreamed about getting his hands on his mother-in-law's money for 20 years. He finally realises that he must construct a puzzle of his own in order to give death a helping hand.  There are only two things that interest Stanley: the crosswords and getting his wife's money.
Elizabeth Nightingale was beaten to death in London in 1861. Her death was one of the most notorious murders in British history. The case was solved by Detective Chief Inspector Wexford. He discovered that beneath the placid surface of the Nightingales' lives there were undercurrents and secrets that no one had ever suspected.
The fatal car accident involving the stockbroker Fanshawe couldn't possibly be connected with the murder of a cocky little lorry driver. But was it a coincidence that the latter died the day after Mrs Fanshawes regained consciousness?  The fatal car crash involving theStockbroker fanshawe and the lorry drivers couldn't be connected. But was it a coincidental coincidence that the latter died the day after Mrs Fanshawse regained consciousness?
Susan Townsend was the only resident with no interest in the affair going on next door in Orchard Drive, or in the neighbourhood gossip about it. Yet it was Susan who found the bodies of the lovers locked in death. She was the one who discovered the bodies and called the police.
Chief Inspector Wexford had every reason to remember the Painter case. It was the first murder he'd ever handled on his own. There had been no doubts about the case, until now. Someone wants the case reopened, and they want us to be proved wrong.
Anita Margolis had vanished. There was no body, no crime - nothing more concrete than an anonymous letter and the intriguing name of Smith. According to headquarters, it wasn't to be considered a murder enquiry at all. Chief Inspector Wexford, however, had other ideas.
Alice Whittaker was 37, rich but dowdy, with no career. Her life a lonely failure, she had got by with the one thing she did have - money. Then handsome Andrew Fielding came into her life, and just as suddenly her beautiful friend, Nesta, vanished from it.
Young Patrick Selby dies on the night of his beautiful wife's birthday party. The whole neighborhood was there, witness to the horrible attack of wasps Peter suffered. But did Peter die of the stings? Dr. Greenleaf thinks not. After all, wasps aren't the only creatures that kill with poison.
The story picks up immediately after the end of the first novel. The events of the film The Godfather Part II take place within the time frame of this novel. Many of Puzo's characters are expanded upon, especially Fredo Corleone, Tom Hagen, and Johnny Fontane.
Michael Corleone's guilt over ordering Fredo's murder has aged him beyond his years &mdash. Tom Hagen is implicated in the murder of his longtime mistress, which throws his personal and professional life into disarray. President Jimmy Shea is assassinated by a Cuban national. Nick Geraci reunites with his family, beginning his revenge against Michael.
Summer of the Monkeys is about a 14-year-old boy named Jay Berry Lee who wants a pony and a .22 caliber gun. Jay Berry decides to take a break and heads to the nearby spring. He finds that the monkeys have stolen his lunch and traps. He gets angry and shoots rocks at the monkeys. The monkeys are scared enough to go with Jay to his house.
The story is set in an alternate history world where Islamic African nations are the dominant world power. The dominant nations are Egypt which is still ruled by the Pharaohs and Abyssinia which is controlled by a monarch known as the Immortal Empress. Christianity is also mentioned in the novel, though it failed to become a dominant world religion.
The Emerson clan is trying to determine where to dig during the upcoming season. Before they even leave England, they encounter Sethos and foil an attempt to kidnap Amelia. Suspicion for the attempt falls on Sethos, but not everyone is sure. Upon arriving in Egypt, the children, Nefret, Ramses and David, acquire a magnificent papyrus, but are also stalked.
The novel tells the discovery of many people, two of them physicists, that the fifth dimension obeys a law of nature where Good and Evil control the lower dimensions. This insight was first discovered by a Jewish physicist, Yosef Kobinski, who was interned in Auschwitz during the Holocaust. The discovery coincides with the resurfacing of manuscripts written by the Jewish physicist.
Leslie and Peter are childhood friends who become lovers the summer before their senior year in high school. Their romance is complicated by Leslie's discovery-by reading her mother's diary-that her mother, Aline, and his father, Nelson, are having an affair. Before the summer is over their parents have announced their impending divorces and Leslie and Peter's lives are thrown in disarray.
Kerstin Kvist took a job with the Cosway family at Lydstep Old Hall, Essex. The family turned out to be even odder than the house. The widowed Mrs Cosway lived with her three unmarried daughters. A mysterious fourth daughter - a widow herself and apparently quite rich - came and went.
Lord Nanther embarks on a biography of his great-grandfather. What he uncovers begins to horrify him as he realizes that Nanthers died a guilty man. He realizes that he was carrying an horrific secret to the grave. The first Lord NantHer was a physician extraordinary to Queen Victoria and an expert on blood diseases.
Blamed by her parents for the death of a friend, Clodagh has been banished from their home in the countryside to a dingy basement flat. Then she meets the inhabitants of the top floor of 15 Russia Road. Charismatic Silver, brutal Johnny, paranoid Liv and exotic Wim range across a London of roofs, eaves and ledges.
Gerald Candless dies of a sudden heart attack. Daughter Sarah is approached by her father's publisher with a view to writing a biography about his life. Sarah embarks on the memoir but soon discovers that her perfect father was not all he appeared to be, and that in fact he wasn't Gerald Candless at all.
In 1980, a serial killer, popularly nicknamed the Tooth Fairy, stalks and murders seemingly random families during sequential full moons. FBI agent Jack Crawford seeks out his protégé, Will Graham, who captured the serial killer Hannibal The Tooth Fairy is revealed to be a St. Louis film processing technician named Francis Dolarhyde.
Four men hijack a subway train and take it and 17 hostages into a tunnel. They threaten to execute the hostages unless the city pays one million dollars in ransom. The hijackers are lead by Ryder, a former mercenary; Longman, a disgruntled former motorman; Welcome, a violent former Mafia thug.
Outcasts Aldrick, Fisheye and a few other young men have begun assembling at the corner more and more. Miss Cleothilda has decided she is to be "queen" once more, but with a more gentile superiority complex. Outcasts Crowley and Synco plot attack on police while they are cracking down on public loitering.
The Doctor and Peri arrive on a fog-shrouded island, not even aware of which century they have landed in. They soon discover that they are on a remote island of the coast of Britain. However, when a dead body rises from its grave, and the local school children display uncanny adaptivity, the Doctor must discover the secrets of the scientific research carried out by the island's benefactor.
Jeremy Fitzoliver and his friend Sarah Jane Smith encounter a 'New Age' cult. The Doctor and UNIT also become interested in the cult. This situation soon reveals the involvement of government ministers, alien drugs, a remote island in the Indian Ocean and official conspiracies. It soon becomes a race against time to avert disaster.
 2500 years BC, Tiriki, Priestess of Light and of the Earth-goddess Ni-Terat, and her husband Micail, Prince of the Atlantean state Atharrath, have to save themselves from the destruction of Atlantis. When they reach the British coast, they are far away from each other and they both believe that the other one is dead. Tiriki and other Atlanteans who came with her, settle down in the swamplands surrounding the Holy Mountain.
Each Doctor has to deal with different ends of the same crisis involving a dimensional anomaly created by an American experiment. The Second accidentally materialises the TARDIS in a town that has been trapped in the anomaly while the Fourth is forcibly recruited to repair the equipment that created the anomaly. Although neither Doctor ever meets the other, the Fourth Doctor and Romana do travel to the Second's TARDIS.
The Doctor and Ace land on the planet 'Blinni Gaar' They soon discover that the native population are little more than zombies, addicted to the programmes of the dangerously powerful Channel 400. As the Doctor investigates, he finds that the television company has a sinister agenda.
A king and queen have a daughter who has no gravity. As she grows, she never cries, and never can be brought to see the serious side of anything. The court philosophers are unable to propose any cure that the king and Queen will suffer to be used. A prince from another country finds the princess swimming and falls in love with her.
The story is of two knights imprisoned by Theseus after being found unconscious after a battle. Theseus locks Palamon and Arcite in a dungeon where the two knights can see into a courtyard or garden. One day Palamon, looking through the bars of his cell, sees Emily. falling in love instantly.
The lives of three very lonely people - pregnant Steph, on the run from her violent boyfriend; Michael, a petty thief who becomes her knight in shining armour; and Jean, a sixty-year old spinster nearing the end of her career as a house sitter - collide dramatically within the grounds of Walden Manor.
Brigadier Lethbridge-Stewart discovers an odd mystery. A plane being shot down in World War 2 was nothing out of the ordinary...but the fact the crash site is still being guarded decades later is. The Doctor moves in to investigate this oddness. 
The US military is pursuing a survivalist cult while battling a series of unnatural blizzards. The storms are also holding a slow-building threat that could threaten the entire world if it is not stopped.  It is winter in New Hampshire. It is also winter in the United States.
The book tries to show that the Wolf from The Three Little Pigs does not necessarily have to be "Big" and "Bad" The wolf justifies his journeys to the little pigs' houses as needing to ask for some sugar to bake a cake for his dear Granny's birthday. At the end of the book, it is revealed that the wolf has been telling the whole story from prison telling the reader that "he's been framed"
The Doctor and Ace investigate a 'crop circle' in the Kentish countryside. They are helped by a maths expert, a web-magazine publish and the Doctor's friend, the Brigadier. However, this crop circle is made of ice and is not circular, instead being filled with square-sided shapes.
It is China in 1865. Strife and rebellion rock the land. Trying to maintain order is the British Empire and the martial arts expert, the Ten Tigers of Canton. Adding to the confusion is the impossibility of many people already knowing Ian. The Ten Tigers are a martial arts team based in Canton, China.
In 1863, Queen Victoria is insensate with grief after losing her husband, Prince Albert. Concurrently, The Doctor and Nyssa are dealing with the death of their good friend, Adric. They are surprised when they are seemingly visited by the ghost of their dead friend. Everything, plus the secrets of a guarded, drowned village come together.
Kiss the Girls is about a boy who kills his first four victims. An ongoing theme is that Casanova wears a mask to symbolize his mood. The book is about Alex Cross and his quest to catch Casanova and the Gentleman Caller. It is set in 1975 Boca Raton.
John Tanner is convinced by a CIA agent that the friends he has invited to a weekend in the country are engaged in a conspiracy. But when Omega finally reveals itself, he realises that he has been manipulated from the very start. The novel was the basis for the film of the same title.
Dürrenmatt uses a first-person narrative to insert himself into a frame story as a writer of detective fiction. The primary narrator is actually a character named Dr. H., a retired police chief. In the original film Es geschah am hellichten Tag, the story was directly that of the Matthäi character.
The Doctor wishes to return a communications device he had borrowed from the Mendeb system years ago. Being a time lord, he reasons he can put it back before nobody notices anything is wrong. When he arrives he comes to believe he is far too late to fix things. An invasion seems to have resulted because of his actions.
The Brigadier asks the Doctor and Tegan to investigate the American multimedia company Intercom. At their Los Angeles HQ, the pair run into terrorists obsessed with an ancient prophecy and aliens who turn the city into a battle ground. The series premieres on Friday, September 14 at 9pm on BBC1.
The story tells the tale of the Trumper retail empire through the points of view of several of the main characters. Guy Trentham is a non-narrative character who links most of these viewpoints together. Guy tells Rebecca he loves her, and promises to marry her before he is shipped to India. He seduces and impregnates Daphne.
The story makes much use of flashbacks to tell the convoluted story of a group of war veterans. The plot and style are influenced by William Faulkner's As I Lay Dying. The title 'Last Orders' not only refers to these instructions as stipulated in Jack Dodd's will, but also alludes to the 'last orders'
The first Doctor and his companions are trapped in an ancient Earth city as a murderous army sweeps in ever closer. To complicate matters, something alien is awakening beneath the innocent defenders. The first Doctor is available on DVD and Blu-Ray from September 14. For more information, visit the Doctor's official website.
The Doctor is taking advantage of a rare quiet time at UNIT to work on the dematerialisation circuit. The Unwashed and Unforgiving tour will be playing in Postgate on Tuesday. Kane Sawyer learns that his arch-nemesis Simon King will be returning. Even Jo has been swept up in the spirit of hatred.
Hawkeye Pierce returns to live in Crabapple Cove, Maine near the town of Spruce Harbor. The reader will note Wreck Island, Thief Island, and other Muscongus Bay landmarks in the book. Pierce's home, "Port Waldo", is Waldoboro, and the FinestKind Clinic is just up Route 1 in Rockland. "Crabapple Cove" is Broad Cove, in Bremen, just down the Medomak River.
The narrative begins in August 1989 by slowly tying together a series of incidents involving strange animal attacks. Chaos theorist Ian Malcolm is pessimistic about the park's prospects. Malcolm suggests a flaw in their method of analyzing dinosaur populations. Malcolm attempts to smuggle dinosaurs out of the park. He is killed by a Dilophosaurus.
The Doctor, Ian, Barbara and Vicki visit an ancient Greek city near the Black Sea. The group soon has to face the possibility of being stranded in this place and time, alone and surrounded by political upheaval. Romans, Greeks, Zealots and Pharisee are all part of its mix.
The book continues after the ending of the previous book, A Child Called "It" with David Pelzer, 9 years old, running away from his home in Daly City, California. He ends up in a bar, getting cared for by some of the patrons. One of them calls the police, bringing David home to his abusive mother. The story ends with him beginning his career in the airforce.
Gaelen, an orphaned Lowlander child thief, saved by Caswallon from the Aenir. He is tended of his wounds by Oracle, who tells him about the clans. The clansmen have been notified of the beast, and the Hunt has been cancelled. Gaelen's group and Agwaine's group compete in the Hunt.
It is 2382. Archaeologists land on Akoshemon's only moon, along with the Doctor and his companions. They uncover an entity that was seemingly there when the planet destroyed itself. It glories in death and destruction and tries to start more. It seems to have the ability to mentally influence people.
The play does not present events in chronological order; rather, the play features Thoreau remembering earlier parts of his life, not necessarily in the order they occurred. The play opens with Ralph Waldo Emerson, in his old age, recalling the memories of his friend, Henry.
The Doctor and Peri arrive on a small planet. Peri is attacked by a wild animal and her arm is almost severed. The Doctor takes her in the TARDIS to the hospice on the planet Karn. The conference is to make alliances between the smaller empires. The General is gathering the small empires into a huge army to take over the galaxy.
Luke Garner has adopted the name Lee Grant when he came out of hiding. Smits is troubled by the death of his brother, and tells Luke, the new Lee, his stories of times he and the real Lee spent together. When Smits wants to get rid of his bodyguard, he sets the school on fire.
The overall tone of the book is very much one of disappointment and alienation. The descriptive passages in the book are very good and the locations are easily recognisable by anyone who has climbed in the Peak and Pennines. It may however bewilder a few science fiction fans and threaten the illusions of a few self-styled gritstone heroes.
This book is split into three parts: the first deals with Chris' first meeting of Jenny, the second with his search for her, and the third with the tragic ending. The seventeen year old main character, Chris, works for a Jenny gatecrashed a party and left her white dress in a boat shed. Smitten, he looks for her for many weeks, and eventually finds her squat.
A goat named Mei wanders into a barn one night, seeking shelter from a storm. In the barn, the goat meets another refugee, a wolf named Gabu. Despite their natural predisposition as enemies, they share a common bond. Mei's flock and Gabu's pack eventually find out about their relationship and forbid the friendship.
The Front Runner is the story of Harlan Brown, the track coach at fictitious Prescott College. Brown had been sexually attracted only to men all his life. The story opens in December 1974; Prescott tells Brown that three star runners, who have been expelled in their senior year from the elite track program at the University of Oregon because they are gay, want to transfer to Prescott and train with Brown.
The book shows bisexuals that they are not alone and discusses where people may fit on the sexual orientation continuum. It also aids in explaining who bisexuals are and why they have problems in heterosexual as well as the mainstream gay/lesbian communities. The book is published by Simon & Schuster.
Kasama Tsuneo is a young Japanese immigration officer. He is mid-way through the preparations for an arranged marriage. While raiding a house in the early-morning hours, one immigrant escapes. He hears a female voice saying "Who are you?" in the darkness, which then disappears. Over the next days, this voice responds to him and he begins a dialogue.
The story centers on Joe Slattermill, a poor miner whose home life is a never-ending source of frustration. Joe possesses a remarkable skill for precision throwing and can make dice show whatever number he wants when he rolls them. He uses this talent to win several thousand dollars before confronting the table's "Big Gambler," a pale figure hidden beneath a dark hat and long coat.
Life with the Lovedays is not confined to England and France. The new penal colony in Australia has become the residence of one Loveday who took a chance too many. Loyalty to and pride in the L loveday name has held the family together through unstable times. Will loyalty be enough to honour the family's heritage?
The story follows Scilla and Jake who are enjoying the pleasures and the comforts of the upper class. Jake turns up murdered during the first few scenes due to his underground trading. Scilla takes it upon herself to find her brother's killer and the money he was dealing. She later finds out that he was being investigated by the Department of Trade and Industry.
Timothy Meeker is a young man who lives in the town of Redding, Connecticut around the time the American Revolution begins. His father, Eliphalet, is a loyalist to Great Britain, much like the rest of the town. His brave and high-strung teenage brother, Sam, joins the Continental Army to fight against the British.
Micah apparently takes place approximately one month after the events of Incubus Dreams. As usual, Anita must juggle several problems simultaneously. The initial plot point-the animation-is not resolved until the very end of the novella. Although Anita initially wrestles with her increase in power, she is ultimately able to confine her power to a single corpse.
Legend tells of the coming of the dragon-god Derrezen. The forgotten child of Niiran's goddess Ameterra, he has spent centuries in an arcane prison. Only the combined efforts of two powerful wizards have protected the human empire of Blackwood. But when one of them finally falls in battle, the realm is more vulnerable than ever before.
The novel tells the story of Friedrich Löwenberg, a young Jewish Viennese intellectual, who, tired with European decadence, joins an Americanized Prussian aristocrat named Kingscourt. Stopping in Jaffa on their way to the Pacific, they find Palestine a backward, destitute and sparsely populated land, as it appeared to Herzl in 1898.
Cathy, Chris, and Carrie travel by bus to Florida after escaping Foxworth Hall. Carrie, still weak from the effects of the poison that killed her twin, is taken ill on the journey. The children are then discovered by Henri Cathy is still bitter and bent on revenge against her mother, seeing her as the root of every problem in their lives.
The book is narrated by two half-brothers, Jory and Bart Sheffield. Jory is a handsome, talented 14-year-old boy who wants to follow his mother Cathy in her career in the ballet. Cathy is a loving mother to her sons, but shows favortism in Jory while she looks at Bart with shadowy eyes. Unable to have more children, Cathy secretly adopts Cindy, the two-year old daughter of Bart.
The story begins fifteen years after the events in If There be Thorns. Cathy and Chris arrive at the house of their son, Bart, which was entirely built to replicate Foxworth Hall. When they move in, however, Bart exhibits jealousy towards Jory, whom he always believed was Melodie.
Sophia Siméonidis, a retired operatic soprano, finds a beech tree in her garden. She is alarmed, but her husband Pierre is indifferent. Eventually she calls on her neighbours, the odd household of Marc, Matthias, Lucien, and the elder Vanderloos. They dig out the tree, but find nothing underneath it. Sophia disappears.
Garden of Shadows is a young adult novel about a woman who falls in love with a man who is tormented by his mother's abandonment. The novel is set in Charlottesville, Virginia. Malcolm is attracted to Olivia but does not trust her enough to marry and have a family with them. Malcolm ignores the boys and Olivia because he can't have a perfect.
Joss, a middle-aged former Breton sailor, begins to succeed in reviving the old family trade of town crier in modern-day Paris. Mysterious graffiti continues to turn up throughout the city, and residents of apartments with unmarked doors are turning up dead, showing signs of rat-flea bites and blackened flesh. Inspector Adamsberg must lead an investigation that takes him through a juxtaposition of 15th-century Europe and today's France.
Rebus' wayward brother, Michael, has returned to Edinburgh in need of accommodation. While out drinking, he meets an old army friend, Deek Torrance, who admits to being involved in shady activities. Cafferty was not on the list of people who was at the hotel due to his family's influence.
This book is about Bradley Chalkers, a troubled fifth grade boy who has serious behavior problems. Bradley invariably lies and bullies classmates. This all changes when his school gets a counsler named Carla Davis she changes Bradley's life but in the end has to leave the school because of angry parents.
In Italy, wealthy families often hire bodyguards to protect family members from the threat of kidnapping. When Rika Balletto urges her husband Ettore, a wealthy textiles producer living in Milan, to hire a bodyguard for their daughter Pinta, he is doubtful but agrees. Creasy barely tolerates the precocious child and her pestering questions about him and his life. But slowly, she chips away at his seemingly impenetrable exterior, and he opens up to her.
The novel opens with Annie Casteel Stonewall returning to Farthinggale Manor for the funeral of her father, Troy Tatterton. Annie soon discovers a forgotten diary hidden away in a back drawer in Jillian's suite. 12-year-old Leigh VanVoreen was the beloved daughter of cruise-ship magnate Cleave and his beautiful Boston socialite wife Jillian. Leigh's life was happy until her mother left her father for the much younger Tony.
14-year-old Dawn Longchamp leads a humble, rootless existence with her moody older brother Jimmy, who is 16-years-old. Dawn and Jimmy are able to enroll in an exclusive private school when Ormond Dawn Cutler is a new student at a private school. Dawn is overjoyed at the prospect of a little sibling, hoping that the baby will look more like her.
Dawn Cutler arrives in New York City after leaving her family's hotel, Cutler's Cove. Her sister Emily is going to take care of her until after she delivers the baby. Emily keeps Dawn in a little stuffy room with no windows and just enough keros. Emily forces Dawn to do all the chores in the old plantation.
Dawn marries Jimmy, and her brother Philip acts as best man. Philip has obsessed over Dawn since prior to finding out they were related. Phillip marries Betty Ann, but still obsesses over Dawn. Dawn and Jimmy's frustration grows when Betty Ann becomes pregnant and gives birth to twins, Melanie and Richard.
Christie Longchamp is the daughter of Dawn and Michael Sutton. Her mother owns and operates the prestigious Cutler's Cove hotel. She lives nearby with her stepfather Jimmy and her nine-year-old half-brother Jefferson. Christie's uncle, Philip, has little willpower since Dawn's death.
Ruby is an artist and has already sold some of her paintings to a gallery in New Orleans. Her grandfather Jack lives in a separate shack, having been thrown out by her grandmother when Ruby was just a baby. Ruby begins a relationship with Ruby's mother, Gabrielle, who was raped by Paul's father, Octavius, just before she graduated.
The book describes a world where all great scientists, economists, thinkers, builders and so on can store a "backup" of their personality. Most of those who can afford it record their personality once every six months. These personalities can then be transplanted to other people, "living" alongside with the Host.
Norman Bates is a middle-aged bachelor who is dominated by his mother. Mary Crane is on the run after impulsively stealing $40,000 from a client. She arrives at the Bates Motel after accidentally turning off the main highway. Exhausted, she accepts Bates' invitation to have dinner with him at his house. During dinner, Mary gently prods Bates about his lack of a social life. Bates, who had passed out drunk after dinner, returns to the motel
Architect Guy Haines wants to divorce his unfaithful wife, Miriam, in order to marry the woman he loves, Anne Faulkner. While on a train to see his wife, he meets Charles Anthony Bruno, a psychopathic playboy who proposes an idea to "exchange murders" Bruno will kill Miriam if Guy kills Bruno's father.
The Doctor has forgotten everything that has happened prior to the start of the novel. He is directed to the home of a mysterious off-worlder named Madam Xing. Xing restores his most recent memories and confirms that the memories Fitz tries to prevent the attack, but is over-powered by the mob, who kill the beast.
The TARDIS crew arrive in the Kremlin Museum, looking for a locket that may help to reveal the nature of Sabbath's plans. They find the museum being ransacked by two soldiers from the future. Using the diamond necklace, Aphrodite is able to use her pool to travel back to 1812 with Trix. Once there she greets Dusha as her mother.
Each of the seven castaways narrate an autobiographical story-almost totally unrelated to the events of the show. Their stories intersect with a character named John "Jack" Gilbert Egan, a former Marine and CIA operative. Each chapter features an important person or object in the lives of the castaways whose name is an anagram of "Gilligan"
This story begins with Fitz and Anji working for the Good Times Inc. Company. They are working undercover for the Doctor, who is shocked to discover a company that is selling holidays in time. The climax of the story results in the destruction of billions of universes. The Doctor and Sabbath realise all time travellers must be stopped to prevent these events from happening again.
The Doctor and his companions arrive during the Industrial Revolution in England. The story is set in an alternate universe and features Isambard Kingdom Brunel. The cover is based on a famous photo of Brunel standing in front of the launching chains for the SS Great Eastern.
Set in the Spanish Civil War, the book explores the construction of history and the experiences of George Orwell. The Doctor, Fitz, and Anji, after viewing Pablo Picasso's "Guernica" at the 1937 Paris exhibition, realise time has been changed. They travel back to Spain in order to uncover what affected the artist's vision of this terrible event.
The Doctor travels to the distant future to find the murderer of Fitz and Anji. He finds a used tranquilliser dart at a crime scene and deduces that the murders are part of a plan committed by a visitor to End point. The Doctor tries to push the TARDIS to its limit, but is forced to land when it begins to break up.
The Alliance, one of the three human power blocs, ends up mired in a twenty-year-long war. All attempts to negotiate fail; the elves fire without communicating. One day, Second Lieutenant John deFranco takes a prisoner, one who deliberately allows himself to be captured. The creature speaks English, learned from a human prisoner, and calls himself the saitas.
Jonathan Raban's soft city is the malleable material from which identity is formed. It invites you to remake it, to consolidate it into a shape you can live in. Decide who you are, and the city will again assume a fixed form around you.
Detective Inspector John Rebus finds the body of an overdosed drug addict in an Edinburgh squat. Rebus takes seriously a death which looks more like a murder every day. It emerges that the dead man was a photographer who took and hid some sensitive photos in a specialist private members' club.
Rebus is drafted in by Scotland Yard to help track down a cannibalistic serial killer called the Wolfman. His London colleague, George Flight, isn't happy at what he sees as interference. Rebus encounters racial prejudice as well as the usual dangers of trying to catch a vicious killer.
Police raid on an Edinburgh brothel captures popular young local MP Gregor Jack. When Jack's fiery wife Elizabeth disappears, and two bodies are found, suspicion falls on famous local actor Rab Kinnoul. It becomes increasingly evident that somebody has 'set up' Jack, with the intention of stripping him of his good name, political standing and maybe even his life.
Farmer Bailey accidentally runs over a man in his truck. The man can't talk and can't remember who he is or where he's from. The Baileys give the stranger shelter until he's fully recuperated. The stranger fits in well with the family and even helps about the farm.
Set during the Edinburgh Festival, this novel starts with a brutally executed corpse being discovered in Mary King's Close. The body has a tattoo identified with "Sword and Shield", a long-thought-defunct Scottish Nationalist group. The victim turns out to be the son of notorious gangster 'Big Ger' Cafferty.
Detective Inspector John Rebus and Frank Lauderdale start the book with a car chase across Edinburgh. Rebus pursues an investigation that implicates respected people at the highest levels of government. He is supported by his daughter Sammy, allowing their distant relationship to be built upon. The title refers to the Rolling Stones album Let it Bleed.
Abdou Thiam, a Senegalese immigrant who sells fake handbags on the beaches of Bari has been accused of the kidnap and murder of a young Italian boy. Thiam protests his innocence, and initially gives up hope, before a suicide attempt in his cell.
Detective Inspector John Rebus is trying to catch a killer he suspects of being Bible John. He has to do it while under an internal inquiry led by a man he has accused of taking bribes from Glasgow's "Mr Big" TV journalists are meanwhile investigating Rebus over a miscarriage of justice.
Detective Inspector John Rebus is investigating a suspected war criminal. Rebus helps a traumatised Bosnian prostitute and tries to intercede in a territory war between upstart gangster Tommy Telford and 'Big Ger' Cafferty's established gang. Telford is known to have close links with Newcastle gangster named Tarawicz -"Mr Pink Eyes"- a Chechen people-smuggler.
Detective Inspector John Rebus sees a known paedophile photographing children. After a chase ending in the sea lion enclosure, Rebus decides to 'out' the man. Rebus hears that the son of an ex-girlfriend has gone missing and starts investigating his disappearance from a nightclub with a mysterious blonde.
The Scottish Parliament is about to reopen in Edinburgh after 300 years. Detective Inspector John Rebus is in charge of liaison, as the new parliament is in his patch. Legend has it a youth was burned to death at Queensberry House, which is to be incorporated into the new Parliament. Then, a prospective MSP called Roddy Grieve is found murdered.
Detective Inspector John Rebus is thrown off a murder inquiry for throwing a cup of tea at DCS Gill Templer. He is sent to the Scottish Police College for 'retraining' - this is his 'Last Chance Saloon' He is put with a team of officers in similar circumstances and together they are given an unsolved case to work on.
Two teenagers are killed by an ex-Army loner who then turns the gun on himself. As Detective Inspector John Rebus puts it, 'There's no mystery...except the why' In searching for these answers, Rebus finds himself drawn into a shattered community and a link with his own past.
A race of alien poodles alters a 20th century fantasy epic to aid their civil war. The Doctor infiltrates a groups of writers known as the Smudgelings. Anji experiences some very, very special effects in 1970s America. The book also features a jolly hotel chef and dogs with opposable thumbs.
Student vanishes in Edinburgh, and her wealthy family of bankers ensure Detective Inspector John Rebus is under pressure to find her. A carved wooden doll in a coffin found near her East Lothian home leads Rebus to an Internet role-playing game that she was involved in. DC Siobhan Clarke tackles the virtual quizmaster, and thus risks the same fate as the missing girl.
Detective Inspector John Rebus has no desk to work from, as a hint from his superiors that he should consider retirement. The sister of a dead rape victim is missing; skeletons turn up embedded in a concrete floor. A Kurdish journalist is brutally murdered; and the son of a Glasgow gangster has moved into the Edinburgh vice scene.
Detective Inspector John Rebus is sidelined after the apparent suicide of MP Ben Webster. At the same time, a serial killer seems to be killing former offenders. Siobhan Clarke is placed in charge of the investigation, although she is outranked by Rebus. The book is set in real time; within it, some real events occur, such as the 7/7 London bombings.
Copernicus offered seven postulates to explain how the universe works. The Earth is moved in a sphere around the Sun, causing the apparent annual migration of the Sun. The stars are immovable; their apparent daily motion is caused by the daily rotation of the Earth.
The book opens in 1937, with the ten Boom family celebrating the 100th anniversary of the family watch and watch repair business. After the deaths of Corrie's mother and aunts, Corrie, Betsie, and their father settled down into a pleasant, domestic life. Then, in 1940, the Nazis invaded Holland.
The Sixth Doctor's TARDIS is working perfectly, leaving him with nothing to do. When Peri suggests a holiday, the Doctor decides to visit the peaceful country of Tranquela. But an evil arms dealer, the Dwarf Mordant has been busy fomenting hatred there. Can anything stop Mordant's plans?
The Countess of Derby sought Julian was taken to a sloop by Fenella, his patron's deaf and dumb dwarf. As she was being taken ashore against her will while he was asleep, he dreamt that he heard Alice's voice calling for his help. Julian met Fenella in St. James's Park, where she attracted the notice of the king by dancing.
Henry Gow was one of those who attempted to force their way into the glover's house. The armourer had maimed the Prince's Master of the Horse, Sir John Ramorny. The Douglas overpowered the garrison, and hanged the murderers. Catharine and Louise, however, discovered his fate, and communicated with The Douglas.
John Philipson and his son Arthur were travelling towards Basel. They were overtaken by a storm and found themselves at the edge of a precipice. Arthur was rescued from imminent danger by Anne, who conducted him to her uncle B Arthur and his father were imprisoned by the governor of Burgundian citadel.
The novel tells the story of Archie Weir, a youth born into an upper-class Edinburgh family. Archie is banished from his family of origin and sent to live as the local laird. While serving as the laird, Archie meets and falls in love with Kirstie. As the two are deepening their relationship, the book breaks off.
A fishing boat sinks in the English Channel in the middle of the night, and the evidence points to murder. Ex-Special Branch agent Dominic Elder comes out of retirement to help investigate the explosion of the boat. It appears that his long-time obsession, a female assassin known as Witch, may be responsible.
Michael Weston is a professional assassin, but he also suffers from haemophilia. The wealthy father of a girl he killed by mistake years ago has sworn vengeance on the killer. Rankin has said that he wrote this book under the influence of Martin Amis' novel Money and that Weston was influenced by that novel's protagonist John Self.
Gordon Reeve, a former SAS soldier, receives a phone call in his home in Scotland, informing him that his brother Jim has been found dead in a car in San Diego. Retracing Jim's final hours, he connects Jim's death with his work as a journalist, investigating a multinational chemical corporation. Soon, Gordon finds himself under surveillance, and decides to find out more among Jim's acquaintances back in Europe.
Before the Fact is the story of Lina, a "born victim" She is raised in the country in the early decades of the 20th century. At 28, she is still a virgin and in danger of becoming an old spin. The whole story is told from Lina Aysgarth's point of view.
Tom Ripley is a young man struggling to make a living in New York City by whatever means necessary. He is approached by shipping magnate Herbert Greenleaf to travel to Mongibello, Italy, to persuade his errant son, Dickie, to return to the United States and join the family business. Ripley becomes obsessed with Dickie and assumes his identity. When Dickie is about to cut him loose, Ripley beats him to death with an oar.
The Doctor and Ace arrive in London 1951, but discover that somehow the Nazis have won the war. They must travel back into the history of Adolf Hitler and the Nazi party to ensure that history is restored to its proper course. The Doctor is joined by Ace on the journey.
The battle to defeat the Timewyrm has taken the Seventh Doctor and Ace to Ancient Mesopotamia, 1950s Britain and the edge of the universe at the end of time. Only his past incarnations to help him after Ace is killed by a playground bully.
Elspeth learns from her premonitions, and her cat Maruman's prophecies, that a keeper from Obernewtyn, a feared institution where Misfits are sent to work, will come to take her there. She decides to test the range of her telepathic ability, "farseeking" While working, a strange machine, the Zebrakhen, traps her mind. She is only freed by combining her mental strength with another anonymous.
Elspeth and Pavo propose a joint expedition of their guilds to the West Coast, in order to recover an untouched Beforetime book cache. Disguised as a gypsy troop, they attempt to find a secret pass through the lower mountains. The group travel to the ruins of the Beforetime library. A wild girl is causing the horrific visions with her mind.
After a kidnapping, the Misfit community at Obernewtyn are forced to join the rebellion against the totalitarian Council. Elspeth must also seek out clues left by a long-dead seer, Kasanda, necessary to her quest to destroy the Beforetime weaponmachines. When one is hidden in the past, she must travel the Dreamtrails, stalked by a terrifying beast.
The action of the novel largely begins after the attempted suicide of the protagonist. After his supposed death, his "eye" observes a group of Russian émigrés as he tries to ascertain their opinions of the character Smurov, around whom much uncertainty and suspicion exists.
After Glynn is transported to the world of Keltor, she is rescued by an Acanthan Windwalker named Solen. Glynn pretends amnesia and slowly learns that the independent Isle of Darkfall and its sisterhood Ember is dying from a large tumour in the frontal lobe of her brain. A daring rescue attempt brings Ember face to face with the paradoxical manbeast Ronaall.
After the 9/11 attack on New York City, the three Oakenfeld children, Susan, Charles, and Murray, are sent to live with their Uncle Farley in Canada. Farley has recently bought a strange ship-like home named Drift House on The Bay of Eternity. One morning, they wake to discover the house has been raised up by a flood, carried out of the bay, and has drifted into the Sea of Time.
David, often lusting after female co-students, never has a successful date. He often annoys girls by telling them they have gorgeous bodily features. Kepesh, with a Fulbright grant in his pocket, goes to London, where he meets two sexually interested Swedish girls, Birgitta and Elisabeth.
The Last Hero is a novel by Simon Templar. It was published 15 years before the advent of nuclear weapons. The book contains statements that could be seen as predicting these two milestones. The novel was the first of a trilogy of novels. The events of this novel led to an immediate sequel, Knight Templar.
Time travellers return to present-day Earth and become intrigued by the latest craze. Is the game as harmless as it seems and even if it is, why are so many people going on holiday and not coming back? The Doctor and Rose need Mickey Smith's help as Earth is threatened once more by aliens known as the Quevvils.
It is implied, though never explicitly revealed, that the man and woman have been killed in a mid-air plane collision, and are suffering eternal torment. As the story progresses, she begins to remember skeletons from the closet, starting as financially strapped newlyweds who went onto greater things with her husband's eventual success.
The Fifth Doctor, Tegan, Adric and Nyssa arrive on an unnamed ice planet. The planet is run by the Scientifica, a technocratic society allied with the Earth Empire. There is a more than usual presence of Adjudicators on the planet.
It is 1998 and the information age is just about to take off. mysterious events are plaguing London. A prominent spy is killed. A hostage situation bizarrely resolved. The Doctor receives a computer disc from a man who is supposed to be dead. It seems an alien race is planning a takeover using Earth's ever expanding computer technology.
Professor Sternberg believes that he's located the legendary island of Salutua. An alien spaceship is embedded in the ground, and a device powered by geothermal energy from the volcano is generating a force field that renders the island invisible to the outside world. The Doctor theorises that the device has caused the volcano to erupt.
A group of 42,363 Union humans and azi are dispatched to set up a base on a very rare habitable planet named Gehenna II. Unknown to the settlers, their mission is designed to fail; they are deliberately abandoned in order to create long-term problems for the rival Alliance. Eventually a symbiosis develops, with some of the Caliban pairing off with humans.
The Worldsphere is a Dyson Sphere that is the home of the technologically advanced race called the People. The Doctor believes that the People would not simply destroy the ship and concludes that the ship was rebuilt and given a new identity to help it recover. A drone called vi!Cari was killed by a lightning strike.
Seventh-grader Jason Herkimer narrates the events of his year, from school, hair, and pimples, to mothers, little brothers, and a girl. Jason has a crush on a cheerleader, Debbie. It is a story about being true to yourself and the nostalgic recollection of adolescent years.
Two men receive the news that they are part-inheritors to a vast fortune due to being the last surviving descendants of a French soldier-of-fortune. One of the inheritors is a gentle French physician, Dr. S Schultze, who had done considerable "research" and publication conclusively proving the superiority of the German race over the rest of humanity. The Utopian plans of his distant French cousin not only seem to Schultza stupid and meaningless, Ver
The City of Ember is the story of a young girl named Nickie. She travels to an old house in Yonwood, North Carolina. A local woman sees a vision of the future with the world in burning flames and smoke. She spends months in a dream-like semi-conscious state, in which she mutters indistinct phrases and words. Brenda Beeson, a woman in the town, calls them instructions from God and requires townspeople to comply with her interpretation of the words.
The novel tells the story of John Perry, a 75-year old retired advertisement writer, who joins the Colonial Defense Forces. After a series of bizzare psychological tests, Perry's mind is ultimately transferred to a new body with enhanced musculature, green skin, and yellow eyes. This new body, based on his original DNA, has been modified for Perry improvises a tactic which enables the CDF to win this first battle. This is soon followed by a number of battles
Edith Lavery is an upper middle class single woman who feels she has reached a time in her life when the only chance of riches, fame and success is to marry a rich man. She announces her courtship and engagement to bumbling but kind-hearted, Charles Broughton, the son of the Marquess of Uckfield.
The Doctor and Ace are enjoying a quiet lunch in a café when the whole of reality suddenly breaks down. On Gallifrey, civilization is reaching a crossroads. The venerable Pythia is coming to the end of her reign without a successor. Rassilon and his Cult of Reason are gaining political influence.
In the near future, the Earth is on the point of environmental collapse, and pollution poisons the atmosphere. The Butler Institute plans to transfer the minds of the super-rich into computers. The Doctor visits the King Building in New York City, corporate headquarters of the Butler Institute, and gains access to restricted computer files.
The Doctor and Ace are sent on a quest to find the living god Goibhnie and persuade him to restore his favor. The Doctor is intrigued to hear a legend of a village called Dinorben that vanished hundreds of years ago. Back in Wales, two American hitchhikers stumble upon an injured centaur. Ace and Bathsheba are captured by the Sidhe.
The year is 1968, and as the BBC rebroadcasts episodes of the classic SF serial Nightshade. Edmund Trevithick learns that a reporter is coming to interview him about his role as The TARDIS. The Doctor and Ace follow the Sentience as it travels back in Time to reach the star before it goes nova.
The Doctor visits Miller, the man in charge of the IMC military force on Heaven. Miller knows about the Doctor through legends that describe him as the "Oncoming Storm" The Doctor enters Puterspace, only to be attacked by Phaedrus and members of the Church of the Vacuum. Ace returns to Perivale to attend the funeral of her childhood friend Julian.
Human engineers are preparing to open a new section of the Sol Transit System. The mass transit system uses transmat technology to send trains instantly between planets. The system begins to experience power drains, which the technicians, known as "Floo Kadiatu," blame on the Doctor. The Doctor finds the TARDIS embedded in a concrete wall at the end of the line.
The Doctor and Bernice investigate a planetary system of seven planets that had seemingly vanished. The TARDIS materializes on the worst of the seven and the two are assailed by multiple types of threats. The Doctor is thrown into another universe entirely. Bernice soon realizes the source of the dangers come from the Doctor's own past.
The Doctor yearns for a simpler time and place: Earth, the tropics, the early twentieth century. The Doctor, Bernice and Ace land in a murderous plot involving voodoo, violent death, Zombies and German spies. And perhaps something else -- something far, far worse.
A mysterious force breaks through the TARDIS exterior, throwing Bernice into the Vortex and forcing the Doctor to make an emergency landing. At first thinking they've landed in prehistoric times , the Doctor soon learns that they have landed on a parallel Earth. On this Earth, the Silurians killed the Doctor in his third incarnation twenty years ago, then went on to kill most of humanity with a plague.
The Seventh Doctor investigates a murder in a quiet English village. The inhabitants of the village begin to exhibit superhero abilities. The Seventh Doctor and his companions become involved in a murder investigation in the village of Dorset. The Doctor is on the hunt for the killer of a young boy who has gone missing.
Empire City on the planet Olleril is experiencing 'Tragedy Day' where the well-off give charitably to the poor. However, this specific day has much more to offer, with murders, weaponry and plots. The trio, naturally, all want to leave but had been captured by various factions within minutes of arrival.
The Doctor is in pursuit of a galactic criminal. The trail leads to Peladon, a desolate world once home to a barbaric, feudal society. The Doctor suspects the Ice Warrior delegation, but before long the Time Lord himself is arrested for the crime -- and sentenced to death. Elsewhere, interplanetary mercenaries are bringing one of the galaxy's most evil artefacts.
An archeological expedition to the planet Mexaus ends in tragedy. All but one of the visitors die and lethal radiation contaminates the surface. Now the survivor is leading a new trip, with Professor Bernice Summerfield. Murders start again. They are sucked into a dangerously real re-creation of Shakespeare's greatest tragic play.
The story begins by detailing the creation story of Heaven. From the illiaster came consciousness that resulted in the firstborn angels. The firstborn create Heaven in order to protect themselves from the cacoastrum. After the third wave Heaven has been divided into four regencies named for the cardinal points of the compass.
A new drug called "Warlock" is tearing apart society. Benny is involved with a law enforcement effort to bring it down. Ace is in trouble in a horrific animal laboratory. Only The Doctor is left to discover the truth behind the new drug. The Doctor: The New Drug.
Ms Cohen is travelling on a starliner, when the ship falls through a time rift and is boarded by giant mechanical ants. She wakes up on board a vessel known as The Ship, where the ants and human prisoners they use as slaves escape. Ms Cohen witnesses several of these escapes and watches the guards brutally beat him to the point where he seems to be suffering a heart attack. Eventually she realises that the "Gingerbread Man's" escapes always go to a different part.
As the Albigensian crusade draws to its bloody conclusion, men inflict savage brutalities on each other in the name of religion. Forced to temporarily abandon ship, the TARDIS crew find their lives intertwined with warring Templars, crusaders and heretics. While the Doctor begins a murder investigation in a besieged fortress, Bernice finds herself drawn to an embittered mercenary who has made the heretics' fight his own.
The Doctor and his companions, separated from the TARDIS, investigate Zamper. It is an organization dedicated to building gigantic warships. A separate race has arrived in order to commission craft; also industrial accidents are plaguing the workers. The Doctor is joined by his companions for the first time.
The gap has opened above the dying planet Detrios. Its inhabitants have reshaped the fictional energy into the crystal Miracle. Jason helps the hapless Politik Darnak to defeat the green lizard monsters which are about to attack his Citadel. The Doctor and his companions must close the gap to save the Universe.
The culmination of the previous two novels brings powerful forces ready to do battle all over the globe. Sucked into this is every-man Creed, whose normal life is disrupted by the super-powers his two sons seem to have. The book is published by Simon & Schuster.
Earth colony Yemaya 4 is struck by a plague that causes the colonists to manifest psychic powers. Some of the group contract the plague, while others travel back in time to try to find out how it started. Meanwhile, murderous agents threaten to simply kill every innocent person involved.
The year is 2157: the Earth has been invaded. Unless the Doctor can solve the riddle of the GodEngine, the entire course of human history will be changed. Chris finds himself on Pluto's moon, trapped with a group of desperate scientists in a deadly race against time.
God-like beings have shattered the peace of Dellah, and threaten to spread chaos across the galaxy. Benny and Jason Kane return to the planet in a desperate last attempt to stop them, before the planet is destroyed forever. The series premieres on Friday, September 14 at 9pm on BBC1.
 Artemis Fowl lures the dwarf, Mulch Diggums, to New York City to steal the priceless Fei Fei tiara which contains a one-of-a-kind blue diamond. Artemis claims that he intends to use it for a laser. A gang of six dwarves led by Sergei the Significant have already stolen the tiara and plan to sell it at a circus to several European jewellery fences.
Don Birnam, a binge drinker mostly of rye, fancies himself a would-be writer. He lapses into foreign phrases and quotes Shakespeare even while attempting to steal a woman's purse. Perhaps the only thing keeping Birnam from drinking himself to death is his girlfriend Helen.
Jo Grant, a UNIT veteran, receives a call for help from an old colleague. Jo Grant ends up sucked out of time and space. The Doctor and Sam go to 2109 and find an alien race where the humans should be. The aliens claim to have been there for thousands of years...and something is wrong with Sam's mind.
The Doctor and Sam are collected by a ship which holds an escape pod containing Davros. A group of Thals arrive; they want Davros to alter their species so they can fight the Daleks. A force of Daleks then arrive and take the Doctor and Davros, along with other characters, to Skaro.
The Doctor vanishes into the wild on the alien world of Hitchemus. The animals have escaped, a hurricane is threatening everyone and the humans do not want the Doctor's assistance. His companions are left to deal with the situation when the Doctor disappears. The Doctor returns with a new team of companions.
The Third Doctor and Sarah Jane Smith use the TARDIS to find Sputnik 2, and retrieve the body of Laika, which the Doctor then buries on the planet Quiescia. Years later, the Doctor is playing a The TARDIS has been hovering outside and reunited with Sam the Doctor heads to Borneo to investigate. Two other UNISYC soldiers, Colonel Kortez and Lieutenant Bregman arrive at what appears to be the ruins of an
Ron Williamson played for the Fort Lauderdale Yankees and two farm teams owned by the Oakland A's. Williamson was the 78th inmate released from death row since 1973. He was intermittently treated for manic depression, personality disorders, alcoholism and mild schizophrenia. Williamson died of cirrhosis of the liver in December 2004.
Dawkins argues that there are two ways to explain the complexity of the universe. He argues that the first attempt is self-refuting, and the second approach is the way forward. Dawkins advocates the "theory of religion as an accidental by-product - a misfiring of something useful"
In 2001, there is a new space race, between Pierre Yves-Dudoin and Arthur Tyler III. Pierre announces that he has succeeded, and will be in space in a week. Fitz is dropped off by Compassion two days before he is to meet the Doctor. When the Doctor sees Fitz, he still cannot remember any of his past.
In the late 19th century, the village of Middleton is on the verge of bankrupty due to the tin mine running out. A visitor called Roger Nepath offers to buy the mine and visits the fissure with the lord of the manor. The Doctor notices that the water in a dam has become warm and acidic, suggesting that it has been heated.
Wokulski is a scion of an impoverished Polish noble family. After taking part in the failed 1863 Uprising against Tsarist Russia, he is sentenced to exile in Siberia. On eventual return to Warsaw, he becomes a salesman at Mincel's haberdashery. He falls in love with Izabela, daughter of the vacuous, bankrupt aristocrat, Tomasz A'cki.
The Outpost is a study of rural Poland. Its principal character, a peasant surnamed Zlimak , typifies his village's inhabitants, nearly all illiterate; there is no school. The book's somber picture is relieved by the author's humor and warmth.
Great Britain in the late 22nd century is slowly recovering from the devastation that followed the Daleks' invasion. While searching for his lost companion, Sam, the Doctor finds himself in Domain London. But it seems that Susan is now missing too, and his efforts to find her lead to confrontation with Lord Haldoran.
The Doctor takes Sam to Micawber's World to attend the wedding of his friends Stacy Townsend and the Ice Warrior Ssard. The wedding ceremony is disrupted by followers of the Church of the Way Forward, who believe that interspecies Micawbers World is hosting the 3999 Olympics. Commander Ritchie's wife and son have been kidnapped by the Dark Peaks Lodge. Rivalry between Dark Peaks and the Twin Suns Lodge leads to the murder of a Foamasi.
Eight-year-old Angeline wants to be a garbage collector like her father. She is bullied by the other students and misunderstood by her teacher. Her only two friends are a fifth grade teacher, Miss Turbone and Gary Boone. Mr. Persopolis wants the best for his daughter, and he often pushes her too hard to achieve.
On Earth's first space colony, Proxima II, an expedition to a nearby mountain disappears and only one survivor, Jake Leary, returns. Afterwards mutilated bodies begin appearing on the streets, causing the colony's workers to send a distress signal against the wishes of their leader, Helen Percival. The Doctor theorises that the Proxians have telepathic powers which are focused on the mountain, trapping something in. When The Doctor attempts to contact their group mind, he learns that they are under threat from an ancient evil.
Blonde Sam is a paradox, because dark Sam was created when dark Sam threw herself in amongst the Doctor's biodata in the scar. In 2002, Sam Jones is living a normal life, though struggling with a drug addiction. The Eighth Doctor arrives in the shop she works in and tells her that she should have blonde hair and be travelling with him.
The story opens with a poor soldier returning home from war. He meets a witch, who asks him to climb into a hollow tree to retrieve a magic tinderbox. In the tree, he finds three chambers filled with precious coins guarded by three monstrous dogs. He fills his pockets with money, finds the tinder box, and returns to the witch. When she demands the tindersbox without giving a reason, the soldier lops off her head.
Dick Jarvis, the ship's American chemist, sets out south in an auxiliary rocket to photograph the landscape. Eight hundred miles out, the engine on Jarvis' rocket gives out, and he crash-lands into one of the Thyle regions. Birdlike Martian saves Xanthus Jarvis from a tentacled monstrosity.
Simon Templar has been pardoned for past crimes and is now working as an agent of Scotland Yard. His first mission is to investigate a crime ring called the Angels of Doom. The book is divided into three parts and could almost be seen as a trilogy of novellas.
The novel is written in first person, purporting to be the memoirs of Chares of Lindos, the sculptor of the Colossus of Rhodes. It concerns his return to Rhodes, his attempts to set up as a sculptor, his struggles with his family's wishes that he enter their bronze foundry.
The book reveals Oakes's childhood and educational background, his recruitment into the CIA, and Agency's procedures for "handling" him. His first assignment sends him to Britain, where he must identify a high-level security leak close to the Queen of England. Rufus, the enigmatic genius behind American intelligence operations, is also introduced.
Oakes's second assignment sends him to West Germany where he is infiltrated into the inner-circle of a charismatic and heroic nobleman. Count Wintergrin intends to run for the West German Chancellorship on platform of immediate re-unification with East Germany. Although this is ultimately in the interest of the Western Powers and NATO, the threat of Soviet invasion of West Europe means that Oakes must prevent the election by whatever means necessary.
Jack Carstares, oldest son of the Earl Wyncham, disgraced six years earlier, returns home and becomes a highwayman. Injured while rescuing the damsel in distress, he is taken home by the thankful Diana Beauleigh and her Aunt Betty, to recover. Mystery and intrigue continue to the melodrama's end.
Kate helps her homeless friend Dio find her missing stepchild. They become friends during the process, although Kate is wounded and decides to take a rest. She invites Jules on a trip to visit her lover Lee. On the way, Jules disappears. Kate realizes that Jules has been kidnapped by her biological father, recently freed from prison.
Philip Gilbert, the head of a group of Sherlock Holmes enthusiasts, is found dead in a national park's artillery battery. Because the autopsy report is slow-coming, inspector Kate Martinelli and her partner Al Hawkin treat the death as a murder case. Eventually, Kate traces Gilbert's ex-wife and learns that it is likely Glibert was gay, given that he had been with an actor several years before.
Just one more week and Mary will turn 21. She will inherit property and money...but she will also be free of her awful aunt. Going in search of her mentor, Sherlock Holmes, she finds him on top of a hansom cab. Holmes reveals that he knows why Mary has sought him out - to ask him to marry her!
Dorothy Ruskin, an amateur archeologist from the Holy Land, brings the couple a lovely inlaid box with a tattered roll of stained papyrus inside. The evening following their meeting, Miss Ruskin dies in a traffic accident that Holmes and Mary soon prove was murder. Could it have been the scroll itself, a deeply troubling letter that seems to have been written by Mary Magdalene?
Uncle Parker has won a trip to the Caribbean in a caption contest. In typical Bagthorpian style, the rest of the family immediately enter similar competitions in an attempt to better his prize. With the Parkers on vacation, manic 4-year-old cousin Daisy comes to stay.
The novel begins approximately three weeks after the events of the story "The Melancholy Journey of Mr. Teal" in The Holy Terror. It is the first Saint story to take place completely outside of Great Britain since the novella "The Wonderful War" in Featuring the Saint. The Saint was based upon Charteris' real-life editor, Monty Haydon.
The Drell Imnulate is a powerful object lost somewhere on the Polar Express, a powerful train traversing the hostile world of 'Tempest' Factions on the train want to the Imnulates and are willing to kill innocent people to get to it. It is up to Bernice to save the day.
Bernice finds her own DNA in the stomach of a mummified dinosaur. Together with Patience, a sentient velociraptor, she travels ever backwards through time. She stumbles upon the 'Sword Of Forever', an object that could easily demolish entire worlds.
Bernice's home planet of Dellah, once a place of learning, is being overrun by a new religious movement. Closer investigation reveals the major powers of the universe are literally running in fear from said movement. Levene had been editor of the New Adventures for some years, with Winstone latterly her deputy and then her successor.
The shattered world of Dellah, once a thriving place of learning, has only one aspect of the university left. This is under siege by religious fanatics. Bernice Summerfield has to deal with this, a mad collector, her ex husband and an Oracle that could lead to priceless information.
The novel begins with the discovery of Polhemus dead in her apartment. Rusty Sabich is a prosecutor and co-worker of Carolyn and is assigned her case by the district attorney. The novel follows the eventual discovery of their affair and Rusty's trial for her murder. A sequel to Presumed Innocent, titled Innocent, was released on May 4, 2010.
The novel begins on a Family estate at Kethiuy on Cerdin. The Sul sept is attacked by the rival Ruil sept, with the help of Red and Gold Majats. A young Raen a Sul hant Meth-maren is the only survivor. She seeks refuge in the nearby Blue Majat Hive.
The novel concerns the adventures of Leon of Atrax, a Thessalian cavalry commander. Leon is tasked by Alexander the Great to bring an elephant to Athens as a present for Alexander's old tutor, Aristotle. Leading a motley crew that includes an Indian elephantarch to care for the creature, a Persian warrior, a Syrian sutler and a Greek philosopher, Leon sets out to cross the Indus River to Athens.
Trouble is afoot for the entire Faehmel family, which includes three generations of architects: Heinrich, his son Robert and Robert's son Joseph. Robert and his friend Schrella, both of whom were schoolmates with Nettlinger, had opposed the Nazis, refusing to take "the Host of the Buffalo"
The seven children of the title live in 1880s Sydney with their father, an army Captain who has little understanding of his children. After a prank by Judy and Pip embarrasses Captain Woolcot at his military barracks he orders that Judy, the ringleader, be sent away to boarding school in the Blue Mountains. Unhappy away from her siblings, Judy runs away from school and returns home, hiding in a barn.
Three men are fired out of the Columbiad space gun to the moon. They encounter an asteroid, which turns out to be a second moon. The projectile begins a fall onto the Earth from a distance of 160,000 miles. It is to strike the Earth at a speed of 115,200 miles per hour.
Simon Templar intercepts a mysterious message intended for a jewel-smuggling ring during a trip to Spain. Templar and his sidekick Hoppy Uniatz follow the message's trail to Tenerife, Canary Islands. They rescue an elderly Dutch diamond cutter and his daughter from being beaten to death.
The novel takes place in the respectable, fictional parish of Bowick, Victorian England. The main plot concerning itself with the renowned Dr. Wortle's Christian seminary academy. The community's morals are outraged and the school's credibility wounded upon the discovery that Mr. and Mrs. Peacocke are improperly married.
Simon Templar and his friend Patricia Holm visit Miami. A tanker explodes off the Florida coast, and soon after, Simon discovers the dead body of a sailor washed up on shore. Templar finds himself targeted not only by March, but by an eager local sheriff. Soon, the Saint uncovers a Nazi ring operating out of Florida.
The Saint is drawn into a web of war-related intrigue involving what appear to be gangsters. The book reveals that, instead of enlisting to fight in the war, Templar has instead been working behind the scenes. This is the third Saint book in a row to be set in the United States, following The Saint in Miami and The Saint Goes West.
The story is of Eugene Pota, a prominent writer who, in his old age, is struggling for that last piece of fiction that could be his magnum opus. Littered throughout the novel are many of Pota's ideas and drafts of possible stories, such as the sexual biography of his wife.
The story follows Raven as she searches the Net for information about her sister Rachel. During the search, she runs into another Hex, who is completely inexperienced. The book ends with Raven and Wraith watching the government broadcast news that the facility and the experiments shown from Raven's broadcasts never happened. The Prime Minister then states that Raven's group were terrorists responsible for the damages and deaths.
Nicolae Carpathia rises to power within the Romanian government. He hires kingmaker and soon-to-be False Prophet Leon Fortunato as a deputy and consultant. Airline pilot Rayford Steele's home life is suffering, while his wife is concerned that he has already risen as far his career will take him.
Nicolae Carpathia stages a gruesome and evil desecration of the temple. Hattie publicly confronts him and is burned to death by Leon, the False Prophet. As millions take the Mark of the Beast, the first Bowl Judgment rains down as foul and loathsome sores appear on the bodies of all who have taken the mark.
Elizabeth 'Bet' Yeager had been one of Mazian's marines, a twenty year veteran. Stranded on Pell Station when the Fleet was forced to pull out abruptly. Since then, she survived by taking whatever starship berths she could find. Her luck begins to run out when her latest ship is forced to return to Pell for major repairs.
Sandor Kreja is the sole survivor of a moderately prosperous merchanter family that had operated in Union space. When he was a young boy, all but two of his relatives were killed or taken by the renegade Mazianni Sandy races Dublin Again to her next port, but the only way he can catch the much faster ship is by taking chances.
Twenty years in the past, merchanter ships Sprite and Corinthian were docked at Mariner Station. Tom Bowe-Hawkins grew up with an ambivalent mother and was never fully accepted by his family. Marie Hawkins of Sprite started tracking Corinthian's movements in order to expose what she suspected was smuggling.
The Neiharts and their superfreighter Finity's End had spent the post-war years assisting the Alliance militia hunt down the renegades. Now the oldest of all existing merchanter families wants to return to trading. Fletcher Neihart's mother had been stranded there by the fortunes of war, giving birth to him on the station.
Eddie Coyle is an aging, low-level gunrunner for a crime organization in Boston, Massachusetts. He is awaiting sentencing after being convicted of a driving a hijacked truck in New Hampshire. Coyle's last chance to avoid a prison term is a sentencing recommendation from ATF Special Agent Dave Foley.
When Enrique is five years old, his mother, Juanita, leaves Honduras to find a job the United States. After eleven years apart, he decides he will go find her. Without money, he will make the dangerous and illegal trek up the length of Mexico the only way he can.
In the 1950s, Katie and her family live in Iowa, where her parent own a unique Asian supermarket. When the family's store goes out of business, the family moves to an apartment home in Georgia where Katie's parents work. Katie is friends with a girl named Silly Kilgore, whom she meets while waiting in the car at her mother's job.
The book is about a nameless mother and her growing family. It focuses on her attempts to keep peace and domestic efficiency despite her increasing number of children. The book closes with the birth of yet another baby, Barry, who is again a fictional stand-in for Jackson's youngest child.
The two main characters are thinly-veiled versions of two of Farmer's favorite characters, Tarzan and Doc Savage. Called "Lord Grandrith" and "Doc Caliban", respectively, the two are recognizable as the iconic characters, but still unique. The two, half-brothers with the same father share a horrible affliction thanks to the powerful elixir that gives them near-eternal life.
In Eon, Axis City split into two: one segment of Naderites and some Geshels took their portion of the city out of the Way and through Thistledown into orbit around the Earth. As time passes, In a parallel Earth, known as Gaia, the mathematician Patricia Vasquez dies of old age. She passes her otherworldly artifacts of technology to her granddaughter, Rhita.
Simon Templar is hired by a friend in the book publishing trade to protect one of his stars, a secretive recluse named Amos Klein. When he arrives at Klein's house in the country, he hears a woman's screams and several gunshots. He finds a woman tied up and gripping a revolver behind her back. After untying her, he finds out that she is "Amos Klein" who adopted a male nom de plume to increase sales of her novels.
The novel concerns the quest of Bessas of Zarispa, a young officer of the 'Immortals' regiment. The King has been told that the blood of a dragon and the ear of a king will give him immortality. The third ingredient is the heart of a hero, and therefore Bessa's own.
The Blue Equinox opens with Crowley's poem "Hymn to Pan", a devotional work devoted to the ancient Greek deity Pan. This is followed by an editorial, in which Crowley discusses Thelema, the A4A4 and the O.T.O., and the important role which he believed they had to play in the Aeon of Horus.
At the end of A Feast Unknown, Grandrith and Doc Caliban cease fighting each other. The two men have a sexual affliction in common; they are impotent except when performing acts of violence. Angered by the ways they have been manipulated, the two heroes split up to overthrow the Nine, ultimately meeting up at the end.
Jeanette Bielke is raped whilst walking home during the night. The rape occurred in exactly the same spot as a similar crime, which in this case ended in murder, five years ago. That case remains unsolved, and looms even further into Winter's site when another rape occurs, and this one ends in murder again.
This novel captures some flavour of the early-seventies English society. It thrusts its titular hero against the immigration rackets exploiting the masses of underprivileged Asian workers. The action starts when Simon Templar spots a particularly lurid headline on the frontpage of a newspaper.
Peter and Mary are stranded in Sturt Plain in the Northern Territory. Out of nowhere an Aborigine seems to appear and startles Mary and Peter. Peter attempts to communicate with him through gestures of eating and drinking. Eventually the children see smoke and see Aboriginal swimmers. They arrive at the Aboriginal settlement where one of The book has 125 pages.
 Holmes and Russell stop at Russell's childhood home in San Francisco. Using fengshui, Long's family dig up the garden and find a box with a confession, written by Russell's father. In the letter, he says that he helped a man get away with murder of a policeman.
Winifred Rudge is an American writer who travels to London to visit a distant cousin. When she arrives, she discovers that her cousin has vanished, his apartment is being renovated, and strange sounds are coming from the chimney. It seems the apartment is now haunted by a supernatural presence. Although the plot of the novel revolves around Winifred trying to chase down the ghost, along the way a deep mystery that exists between Winifried and her cousin, John Comestor is revealed.
The novel unfolds in alternating chapters from the points of view of the four main characters. Andrew Compton, a convicted serial killer , leaves his prison cell as a dead man in a self-induced cataleptic trance and rises again to build a new life. The four collide in a horrific climax.
The setting is the type of benign Venus imagined before the first space probes penetrated the clouds of that planet. Colonization has become stymied by the native inhabitants, who are apparently sentient bubbles that float around the landscape. Attempts to communicate with them produce no response. Confining them is useless and killing them produces a deadly explosion.
Two weeks before high school graduation, Adam Westman's life is about to change dramatically. When death and love, perhaps, arrive unexpectedly, Adam must learn that trouble sometimes has to rumble through a tidy world to make room for the kind of magical connections that make life worth living.
The book follows Pellam as he tries to prove the innocence of an old woman, Ettie, whom he had interviewed for a documentary. Pellam believes she is innocent and is determined to prove it and set her free. Along the way he meets several characters who try to interrupt his search as it uncovers many underlying crimes.
The hero is an adult orphan, just under twenty years of age, with bright red hair and a freckled complexion. Raised since infancy in a Chicago orphanage, he speaks with a slight Irish accent. Freckles is an orphan who works for a lumber company. His duty is to walk the perimeter of the company's land twice a day.
The Winthrop Woman is the story of young Elizabeth Fones and her family. Elizabeth's uncle, John Winthrop, is especially pious and strict about Protestantism. Harry Winthrop is Jack's younger brother. Harry declares that he is in love with Elizabeth and demands Harry and Elizabeth are married and move to the Winthrop estate.
Darien arrives in Starkadh looking for love and acceptance. He faces his father in a room at the top of a tower whose windows magically reflect the battle going on miles away. The Crystal Dragon of Calor Diman awakens but despite the blazing summons of the Baelrath, Kim refuses to bind it.
In 1848, convict Joe is assigned as a labourer to settled Isaac Bowman in Western Australia. Joe escapes and takes refuge with a tribe of aborigines led by Te Mana Roa. Bowman recaptures Joe, who tells him about the mine. Bowman goes to the mine, kills the king and loads his horse with gold, but ends up perishing in the desert.
Julia, an art restorer and evaluator living in Madrid, discovers a painted-over message on a 1471 Flemish masterpiece. With the help of her old friend and father-figure, the flamboyantly homosexual César, and Muñoz, a quiet local chess master, Julia works to uncover the mystery of a 500-year-old murder.
Four children set out in search of their baby brother, Paul, better known as The Pollywog, who has vanished mysteriously from their playhouse. Accompanied by their fearless pets, the children descend through a secret trapdoor into a strange underground world of mushrooms.
DCI Jack Spratt heads the Berkshire Nursery Crime Division, handling all inquiries involving nursery rhyme characters and other PDRs. His troubles increase when the argumentative Punches move in next door and his son adopts a sly and sticky-fingered pet. He is forced to reveal to his shocked wife that he is himself a PDR.
Timothy Conigrave fell in love with the captain of the football team, John Caleo. The misery of HIV/AIDS is laid bare before the reader. Tim and John were diagnosed with HIV in 1985. Despite parental opposition, Tim moved to Sydney and NIDA. Tim died of an AIDS-related illness on Australia Day 1992.
Gilbert Pinfold is a middle-aged Catholic novelist teetering on the brink of a nervous breakdown. He doses himself liberally with bromide, chloral and crème de menthe. He books a passage on the SS Caliban, assuming it will be a nice break. However his crisis deepens and he slips into madness.
Harris addresses his arguments to members of the conservative Christian Right in America. Harris argues that the reliance on dogma can create a false morality. He argues that religion may have served some useful purpose for humanity in the past, but that it is now the greatest impediment to building a global civilization.
The first story is about a biologist drafted into the diplomatic corps to aid the human ambassador to Dilbia. John Tardy is sent to hunt down a Dilbian, the Streamside Terror, who has kidnapped Ty Lamorc. Bill Waltham is a terraforming specialist sent to Muddy Nose village on Dilbia to teach the natives to use basic farming tools.
After returning from their adventure at the Lost Oasis, the Emersons try to get Nefret, their new ward, integrated into English country life. Amelia and the Professor sail east, to begin a new season with a new project - the complete clearing of an entire archaeological site. Despite Amelia's hopes that this will be a second honeymoon, Emerson is kidnapped.
In this sequel to The Briar King, Anne, her maid Austra, and her protectors Cazio and z'Acatto are working to earn passage by sea to her home in Eslen. The book ends with her in prison after a palace coup by her brother-in-law Sir Robert, who has literally returned from the dead, but she has managed to keep her son safe and out of harm's way.
Monsieur Bibot is a self-centered wealthy dentist in Paris, France. He lives alone in a fancy apartment with his dog, Marcel, whom he mistreats. Everything in his life seems quite satisfactory until an impoverished old woman stops by his office to get her tooth extracted.
Willie Garvin has lost the will to live. He had worked for Modesty Blaise for six years in The Network. Modesty disbanded The Network and retired, and Willie didn't know what to do with himself. He got involved as a mercenary in a South American revolution, but his heart wasn't in it.
Karz is a military leader who has never known defeat. The huge Mongol is now assembling and training a large and well-equipped army of mercenaries in a hidden valley in the Hindu Kush Mountains bordering on Afghanistan. His objective: The invasion and occupation of oil-rich Kuwait.
Canadian Dinah Pilgrim and her sister Judy are vacationing in Panama. They're attacked by a pair of gunmen, and Judy is killed and Dinah is taken prisoner. Modesty and Willie travel to Algeria and The Sahara to rescue Dinah. But they're up against the most formidable opponents they've ever crossed swords with.
Mischa Novikov had never even considered defecting from Russia until one day when his analysis of a satellite picture of a tiny bit of central Africa awakens an unbridled greed in him. The story moves to London where Modesty and Willie Garvin manage to sabotage one of Brunel's operations. In France Brunel turns the tables and captures Modesty, Willie and Dr. Pennyfeather.
Maude Tiller is one of the few female agents in Sir Gerald Tarrant's secret service. Her last assignment involved her having to submit to degrading treatment by Paxero, the man she had been sent to spy on. Modesty Blaise and Willie Garvin discover how their good friend Maude has been mistreated. They decide to teach Paxero a lesson.
Modesty Blaise rescues Luke Fletcher, the world-renowned painter, from drowning. Luke Fletcher is not the only person from the world of the arts who has disappeared in the last couple of years. Modesty and her good friend Willie Garvin refuse to get involved in trying to unravel the mystery, preferring to leave well enough alone.
"El Mico" is the most potent underworld force in North Africa. Modesty Blaise disbanded The Network. El Mico has just achieved its greatest triumph, the clandestine theft of an object. Bernard Martel, one of their top lieutenants, has double-crossed them.
"The Watchmen" is an international terrorist organization that has sprung out of nowhere. Nobody knows who they are or what their real motives are. CIA agent Ben Christie, an old friend of Modesty Blaise, is trying to infiltrate The Watchmen. But Modesty runs into Ben in San Francisco and blows his cover.
Dr. Thaddeus Pilgrim and his followers are among the most unholy people you could have the misfortune of meeting. By chance, Willie Garvin and Modesty Blaise are targeted by Dr. Pilgrim, who has an obsession for creating "interesting scenarios" Willie is programmed to kill Modesty on sight, at which point he will regain his memory, and presumably go insane.
Jack Maggs is a reworking of the Charles Dickens novel Great Expectations. The story centres around Jack Maggs and his quest to meet his 'son' Henry Phipps. Maggs becomes involved as a servant in the household of Percy Buckle. He eventually cuts a deal with the young and broke up and coming novelist Tobias Oates. Oates finds in Maggs a character from whom to draw much needed inspiration.
A poor emigrant from Central Europe sailing from Hamburg to America is shipwrecked off the coast of England. The residents of nearby villages regard him as a dangerous tramp and madman. He speaks no English; his strange foreign language frightens them, and they offer him no assistance. Eventually "Yanko Goorall" is given shelter and employment by an eccentric old local.
Jack Cull finds himself in a bizarre location called "Hell". A huge sphere with a sun in the center, Hell's population consists of deceased humans and demons. The humans have the same mind and body as when they died, there is no disease or famine, and deaths are reversed within hours. Humans have taken control of Hell, and they have replaced the traditional inscription "Abandon all hope..." with a new one: "Do not abandon hope"
The book's credited co-writer, fictional journalist James Stevens, investigates the events occurring in 1970s Britain. The anarchist terrorist Victor Magister , the organisation known as UNIT, their scientific adviser known as "the Doctor" and the assassination of John F. Kennedy in 1963.
A young man walks a scorching Cairo street. At the entrance to the city's pivotal main square, he notices a succulent girl. Ineluctably drawn into her magnetic field, and the swirling, palpitating square ahead, he starts to fantasize about how he would talk to her.
Blake and Mortimer are captured by a race of technologically advanced men. They are immersed in a sinister plot led by Commander Magon. They ally themselves with Crown Prince Ikaros to thwart Magon's megalomaniac plans. But the outcome is far from certain...
Rushton's theory attempts to apply the inter-species r/K selection theory to the much smaller inter-racial differences within the human species. While all humans display extremely K-selected behavior, Rushton believes the races vary in the Rushton argues that the survival challenges of making warm clothes, building durable shelter, preserving food, and strategically hunting large animals all selected genes.
Otama, the only child of a widower merchant, is forced by poverty to become the moneylender's mistress. When Otama learns the truth about Suezo, she feels betrayed, and hopes to find a hero to rescue her. Okada, a medical student, becomes both the object of her desire and the symbol of her rescue.
After the First Death is about a terrorist hijacking of a summer camp bus full of children. The main characters include Kate, a high school student driving the bus, Miro, one of the terrorists, and Ben, the son of a general for an anti-terrorism group. The story is mostly written from the point of view of Kate and Miro.
The book is about two 12-year-old girls, Zanna and Deeba. UnLondon is a nonsensical mirror version of London, inhabited by various creatures and animated items. The girls follow it into the basement of a building, where they are drawn through UnLondon.
Alan Green is an astronaut stranded on a primitive planet. He is claimed as a gigolo by a duchess and is married to a slave woman. After hearing of two other stranded astronauts, he sets sail to find them. There follow several fairly standard adventure plots with cannibals, pirates, floating islands.
The book's premise is that the moon is a massive space ship controlled by a self-aware computer that wants its rightful crew back aboard. The book begins with a prologue recording a mutiny aboard the planetoid-sized Utu Anu sabotages Dahak's power generators in a bid to kill it.
Olwen and Guardian live alone on the planet of Isis, manning the Isis Light, the means with which they communicate with Earth. The story ends with Olwen deciding to leave the settlers' valley and live in isolation with Guardian and her "dog" which is really a dragon, Little Hobbit.
The story is set in the world of the Avatars - an immortal race of humans. Their empire was destroyed when the seas upturned. Around 200 Avatars escaped when Questor Anu predicted the fall of the world. The Avatars rely upon magic crystals to keep them alive and healthy.
Back-story describes the first contact between the Shonunin and humans. A Shonun, Dana Duun Shtoni no Lughn, was charged with the task of saving his world from the potential threat the humans posed. Duun's solution was to raise a human child to adulthood who could serve as an emissary to his race and hopefully prevent a major conflict.
The evil green dragon Beryl oppresses the kingdom of Qualinesti with the aid of her Dark Knights. A resistance leader, a mysterious Kagonesti woman who is known as 'The Lioness' arises to battle her. The film was released in the UK on September 14.
A Thane is a ruler of a dwarven faction. After a series of ugly battles and incidents, the dwarven community becomes increasingly isiolationist in its city under the mountains. Unfortunately dark magic, backstabbings, betrayal and power grabs threaten to destroy the already destabilized dwarf society.
The year is 2505. The oceans have risen. A new era of piracy is dawning. A vicious storm separates twins Connor and Grace Tempest. Connor soon finds himself wielding a cutlass. But does he have the stomach to be a pirate? Grace finds herself aboard a more mysterious ship of vampire pirates.
The story opens when Tyler Dupree is twelve years old. An opaque black membrane, later dubbed a "spin membrane" has been placed around the entire earth. The Spin membrane seems to falter and fail, allowing the stars to return to the sky. Thousands across the world panic as the apparent end has come.
Mosquitoes opens in the apartment of one of the story's main characters, a reserved and dedicated sculptor named Gordon. The cast of characters in attendance is diverse and is typologically split into artists, non-artists, and youths. The epilogue follows the Nausikaa's passengers onto land and back into their individual lives, tying up many loose ends.
In typically MacLean style, the reader comes to find that nothing in this complicated plot is quite as it seems. In addition to a clever story, the level of tension is pitched extremely high. There is scarcely a let up from the action until reaching a gripping climax.
The novel is set in the early 1990s when Chief Inspector Van Veeteren, a 30-year veteran of police work, cuts short his vacation to help the police chief of the remote town of Kaalbringen. Another identical murder occurs in the weeks leading up to the retirement of Police Chief Bausen. The problem is that the killings are random with the victims completely unrelated, and the murderer is too clever to be found or even noticed.
A plane to a research facility in Ecuador crashes in the deep forest. The only three survivor children are Semi Garson, the narrator, Miranda, a brave girl, and a boy called Arnie. They are taken hostage in an island by some Dr Franklin and his assistant Dr Skinner, who perform transgenetic experiments on them. This transforms the girls into a bird and a manta ray, who can still communicate through radio chips planted in their new bodies.
The story takes place in a near-future Britain where society has broken down due to an unspecified disaster. The unnamed narrator ends up with 'custody' of a teenage girl named Emily Cartwright. Emily herself has unspecified trauma in her past that the main character does not probe at.
The novel is set amidst intricate political conspiracy and financial upheaval in St. Louis, Missouri in the year 1984. A complex, partly satirical thriller that studies a family unraveling under intense pressure, the novel is part mystery, part thriller. The novel is published by Simon & Schuster.
The novel describes the exploits of Hilda Fitzherbert, former 23-year-old Under Secretary for Home Affairs, and then Imperial Prime Minister. It has attracted posthumous recognition for its uncanny representation of New Zealand's female-dominated political, judicial and corporate executive hierarchies in 2000. The book lacks any mention of Maori protagonists, despite its other significant innovations.
Todd Belknap, a field agent for Consular Operations, is cut loose from the agency after a job gone wrong. Meanwhile, Andrea Bancroft learns she's about to inherit 12 million dollars from a cousin she never met. In a series of devastating coincidences, Andrea and Todd come together to form an uneasy alliance if they are to uncover the truth behind Genesis.
Max is sent to interview a rich man, Barrington Boles, who claims to have invented a machine that can break through the barrier between parallel worlds, or "paras" Max first assumes the man is a typical loony, Max runs into a double of himself at work. They go to a zoo to work on a story about a painting elephant, only to find the zoo overrun by fifty female chimps.
Frank and Jerry Lee Flannigan are two down-and-out brothers who live a meager existence in Reno, Nevada. One night, while driving drunk during a blizzard, Jerry Lee accidentally hits and kills a teenage boy on a bicycle. Jerry Lee becomes consumed by guilt and attempts suicide, shooting himself in the leg. Frank adopts an abused, half-frozen dog he finds during a snowstorm.
Evelyn and Walter Emerson come back to the land of the pharaohs for the first time since their romance in the ruins of the heretical pharaoh's city, Amarna. This book also introduces David Todros, Ramses's lifelong friend and partner in crime.
The plot centers on a case of mistaken identity between a pair of identical twins, which in his afterword Jin Yong acknowledges resemble some works of William Shakespeare. The protagonist, who refers to himself as "Gouzazhong" , first appears as a young beggar living on the streets of Kaifeng, searching for his lost mother.
The prologue is narrated by a man telling of his visit by a psychic woman. She gives him a manuscript she claims was dictated to her by his deceased brother Chris. Chris, a middle-aged man, is injured in a car. An unidentified man keeps approaching Chris and telling him to concentrate on what's beyond.
Mary Cheney worked for her father, Dick Cheney, during the 2000 and 2004 presidential elections. She expresses her repudiation of the Marriage Protection Act supported by George W. Bush. She also expresses outrage at the way John Kerry's campaign made use of her personal life when the issue of same-sex marriage came up.
Geordi La Forge and Data are sent to a solar system several light-years away by a transporter with interstellar range, to a similar derelict orbiting an Earth-like planet. Once there, they are mistaken for "the Builders", those who the planet's native populace, a culture similar to late-20th-century Earth, believe are the creators of the derelict. One of the natives, Shar-Lon, discovered the Repository some years before and used its "Gifts" to end planetary wars that were leading to a possible nuclear holocaust.
The Hamlin colony had been attacked some time previously by the alien Choraii. All the adults had been slain and the children kidnapped. Now the Chor Hawaii are back, bargaining for precious metals. Captain Picard plans to use this to his advantage to get the children back.
The Enterprise is called in to deal with Treva, a human colony on the fringes of known space. Natasha Yar is sent down with the android Data. The two soon discover the situation is more complicated than originally thought. The novel focuses on the unique relationship between Yar and Data and how the current situation correlates with Yar's brutal childhood.
In this book a race of aliens who have fought with the Klingons for centuries, called the Kreel, find a large stash of advanced weapons hidden on a strange planet. They are established as scavengers. They had, in the continuity of the novel, plundered the destroyed colony that was Worf's childhood home.
Mallory, a private investigator from New York, spends New Year's Eve in his office, with a bottle of whisky, and in a terrible mood. His business partner left for California with Mallory's wife, having also blackmailed him. The detective follows Mürgenstürm, who wants to take advantage of Mallory. They enter the alternative New York through the gate in the basement of the very building where Mallory has his office.
In 1942, a young Scot, Charlotte Gray, travels to London to take a job as a medical receptionist for a Harley Street doctor. Despite the war, social life in London is in full swing and the attractive, intelligent girl soon meets up with an airman, Peter Gregory. The temporary nature of life at the time is epitomised when she quickly loses her virginity and then her heart to him. The romance is heightened when Gregory is sent on a mission over France and news comes back to Charlotte that he is missing In action.
The novel is a collection of monologues by sixteen fictional characters and one real one. Issues such as race, gender, and economic, social, and regional tensions are depicted. This book gives a clear vision of what went on in the civil war from medical tents to bodies on the battlefield.
In Dragons of Ice, after leaving Thorbardin, the player characters head south into the polar regions. The characters encounter Ice Folk, ice-skate boats, and the Walrus-Men. The adventure series version of Dragons of Winter Night, book two of the Dragonlance saga, will follow part of the party from the first book.
In Ravager of Time, the player characters are hired to search a fenland for a lord's son who slew his father. The character become entangled in the plot of the evil that taints Eylea. The adventure includes statistics for new monsters, the slime golem, and the life-bane duplicates.
Jared witnessed a girl called Tracy being raped by three youths. After which she was murdered by Ricko with a rock. And Jared did nothing to stop the attacks. His silence eventually led to the breakdown of his relationships, not only with Rachel, but also with his mother Diane, who was recovering from breast cancer.
Suicide Circle: The Complete Edition tells in four different chapters the story behind a fictional mass suicide. 54 high school girls throw themselves in front of a train in 2002. This event unleashes in Japan-and soon after, in the world-a chain of suicides that seems endless. Police officers try to stop it and understand why this is happening.
Betsey Brown was written in 1985, but it is set in 1959. The 1950s were very important as a result of radical changes in the legal system and in society. One of the most essential events, which is mentioned in the novel, was the true story of the lynching of a young black boy.
Jaina Solo investigates the origins of the Human Replica Droid Bakuran Prime Minister Cundertol had infused his essence into. Her investigation leads her to the droid manufacturer ODT's headquarters on Onadax, in the Minos Cluster. There, she confronts Stanton Rendar concerning the morality of granting immortality to sentients through droids. However, Stanton and his associates unleash their droids on Jaina, creating a diversion which allows them to escape.
The novel follows the life of Ram Mohammad Thomas, an orphaned, uneducated young waiter. Prior to the start of the novel, Ram has correctly answered 12 questions on the fictional game show Who Will Win a Billion? The novel moves between Mumbai, Delhi and Agra as it highlights Ram's bizarre experiences.
Gabriel Noone is a gay writer whose late-night radio stories have brought him into the homes of millions. Noone's publisher sends him the galleys of a memoir apparently written by a 13-year-old boy, Peter Lomax. The author claims to have been the victim of sexual abuse and infected with AIDS. According to his memoir, his father started beating him at two and raped him at four.
Ras Tyger has lived in the jungle for as long as he can remember. Raised by apes, he lives an idyllic existence as the lord of the jungle. Ultimately, Tyger discovers that his entire life is a fraud, a construct. A crazed millionaire named Boygur has, in an effort to reproduce the Tarzan novels he loved as a child, purchased a young English nobleman.
The novel concerns the adventures of Eudoxus of Cyzicus and Hippalus on the first voyages by sea from Egypt to India. It deals with the efforts to circumvent the newly established Egyptian monopoly on trade with India by pioneering a new route around the west coast of Africa.
The Arrangement is the first-person story of Evangelos Arness, aka Evans Arness. He is a second-generation Greek-American World War II veteran, a son of an Anatolian rug merchant. He has come to use the name "Eddie Anderson" in his career as a self-loathing advertising executive.
The book begins in 70 AD in Jerusalem during the siege of the city by the Romans just prior to the destruction of the Second Temple. The family moves, over the course of nearly 2000 years, to cities such as Carthage, Hippo, Rome, Toledo, Cordoba, Narbonne, Troyes, Strasbourg, Constantinople, Amsterdam, Lublin, Odessa, and Warsaw.
The Art of Dreaming describes the steps needed to master control and consciousness of dreams. The Toltecs of Don Juan Matus' lineage believed that there are seven barriers to awareness, which they termed The Seven Gates ofDreaming. By acting a certain way while dreaming one can cause psychosomatic changes in one's being, including an alternate way of dying.
The story begins with a team of human hunters passing through a forest in search of game. After days of coming up empty-handed, they begin to believe they are in a Unicorn's forest, where animals are kept safe. The Unicorn is the only true legendary creature among the group, save for the harpy, Celaeno. She is taken captive by a traveling carnival led by witch Mommy Fortuna.
The novel is divided into 3 sections: Legend, Fact, and History. In Legend, the characters tell stories of what they were doing before they arrived. The storytelling is interrupted by an alien invasion of the system, to which the heroes react. The History section sees everyone gathered back at the Outpost to share their stories and find out the fates of the others.
Miles and Ekaterin are enjoying a much-delayed honeymoon while their first two children are approaching birth in their uterine replicators back on Barrayar. Miles is dispatched by Gregor to Graf Station in Quaddiespace to untangle a diplomatic incident in his capacity as the nearest Imperial Auditor. There, he is unexpectedly reunited with the Betan hermaphrodite Bel Thorne, a former Dendarii captain and his good friend.
Gregor's mother refuses to let him and Boots go on a quest to find a cure for the plague. They meet the bat Nike, daughter of Queen Athena, in the laundry room and fly to Regalia, where delegations of cockroaches, rats, bats, and humans have gathered. The humans inform the other species that there is a cure, starshade, found deep in the Vineyard of Eyes.
The story takes place in New York where 8-year-old Lizzie is preparing for camp. Gregor rides Nike, the princess of the bats to the city of Regalia. A series of events happens including an earthquake, Luxa develops a crush on Gregor, the team reunites with Photos Glow-Glow and Zap.
Hosteen Storm is an ex-soldier who travels to a distant planet with his comrades. The team are hired to herd livestock, but Storm still harbors anger at his former enemies the Xik. In this novel and the following series, Norton explores aspects of Native American culture through metaphors in Storm's life.
Nick Adams arrives by train at the town of Seney to find that, because of a fire, "there was no town, nothing but the rails and the burned-over country" He then he hikes up a hill. At a burned stump, he stops to rest, smokes a cigarette, and examines a grasshopper blackened by the fire. Later in the day he rests in a glade of tall pines where he falls asleep. When he wakes, he hikes the last mile to the edge of the river.
The player characters must investigate rumors of a lost treasure that scores of adventurers have perished attempting to find. The players must first traverse a wilderness area with 20 numbered encounters before arriving at the caverns. The 20th and final encounter is titled "The Inner Sphere" Here, a "woman sleeps on an alabaster slab" She is actually Drelzna, a fighter/vampire and the daughter of Iggwilv.
The plot of The Sacred Art of Stealing tells the story of American Zal Innez, a witty and intellectual art-loving thief. Zal is being blackmailed by crime boss Alessandro Estabol to do one last major job for him. During this robbery Zal meets and falls for a woman police officer, Angelique de Xavia.
Marlowe is married to Linda Loring, the rich daughter of local tycoon Harlan Potter. From the beginning there are tensions, as Linda wants Marlowe to quit his job and get a decent position at one of her father's plants. The couple relocate to Poodle Springs, where they move into a grand mansion.
A boy, Humbert, goes to stay with his Uncle Bellamy. Once there he discovers a strange package that appears to hum to itself. Upon alerting his uncle to the package he is surprised to find that it contains a Type One Household Robot, designed to help around the home. The robot is swiftly named Manders, because he does everything that a man-does.
The Abyssinian tells the story of a young French physician who is sent as part of a diplomatic mission to Abyssinia. Along the way he must face various perils while trying to win over his true love.  The Abyssinian is published by Picador at £16.99.
The story begins in China after a young boy is bitten; he becomes the pandemic's 'patient zero' China attempts to contain the infection and concocts a crisis involving Taiwan to mask their activities. Pakistan and Iran destroy each other in a nuclear war after the Iranian government attempts to stem the flow of Pakistani refugees. The United Nations fields a large military force to eliminate the remaining zombies.
One of the characters of The Celestine Prophecy disappears while exploring a forest in the Appalachian Mountains. The book discusses ideas about other dimensions, past lives, conception and birth, the passage through death to an afterlife, hell and heaven. It also illustrates the author's vision of human destiny and the notion that fear of the future is endangering Earth's spiritual renaissance.
Upper Isis is now a forbidden zone, because, so they believe, the Guardian put a curse on the mountains. Mark London is now president of the settlement. He has forced the people to abandon all technology and become a simple, agricultural community full of taboos. One boy, Jody N'Kumo, breaks one of the most sacred taboos and is banished to the land of Guardian.
Mike Flynn, a Galactic wanderer, spots Isis, and plans to corrupt the inhabitants to obtain the precious firestones. He promises them a Forever Machine, which will supply them with a lifetime of ambrosia, which means they will never have to work for their food again. His daughter, Moira, knows that he is simply lying, and tries to stop Mike's evil plans.
Middle-class Karyn Beatty is attacked and raped in her Los Angeles home, she suffers a miscarriage and a nervous breakdown. She and her husband, Roy, leave the city and go to stay in the secluded Californian mountain village of Drago whilst Karyn recuperates. Karyn is disturbed when she continues to hear a strange howling sound at night coming from the woods outside of their new home.
Baby Wise describes an infant management plan built around feed/play/sleep cycles. The material presented in Baby Wise is not radical or new, it is simply a re-articulation of various practical methods. Buyers of the book include mothers wearied by the demands of attachment parenting, in search of more time for their careers and pursuits.
Karl Sten is a young boy growing up on an industrial factory world called Vulcan. After Sten's family is killed in an industrial cover-up initiated by Vulcan's CEO, Baron Thoresen, Sten rebels against the laws of Vulcan. Sten becomes the head of Team 13, with Alex Kilgour, a heavy worlder from New Edinburgh, as his second in command. The Eternal Emperor assigns Team 13 to bring down the government of Vulcan so the Baron's secret project can be unmasked.
Hira Singh is the story of a regiment of Sikh cavalry who are captured in battle in Flanders in the early days of World War I. The regiment escape from captivity and experience many adventures as they make their way back to India. The film is based on the true story of Hira Singh and his family.
The book opens at Amelia's favorite hotel, Shepheard's in Cairo. The characters of Donald and Enid Fraser from Lion in the Valley reappear in this novel. This volume marks the death of the cat Bastet and the first whiskey Ramses is permitted to imbibe.
Ruha, an outcast witch, tries to gain the trust of the Sheikh. The Harpers send an agent to counter the Zhentarim. Ruha helps this stranger win the Sheikh's trust, so that he can overcome the tribes' ancestral rivalries and drive the invaders from the desert.
Juliana Tindale and Kurt Ellicot join a group going to study a newfound alien race, the Chugeni. Through a faked attack on the landing party, their shuttle crashes and the survivors move in with the natives to survive and await rescue. When they discover the attack was a hoax, they work to save the natives by proving that they are not the Remor.
The story takes place at the time of Iran's occupation by the Allied Forces during World War II. Most of the plot occurs in the narrator's home, a huge early 20th-century-style Iranian mansion. The story's narrator is a high school student in love with his cousin Layli who is Dear Uncle's daughter.
The book is written in a chronological series of tall tales. Despite the novel's first-person narration, there is no present tense part of the book. The story of Edward Bloom also includes at least seven of the Twelve Labors of Hercules. The book draws elements from the epic poem The Odyssey, James Joyce's Ulysses, and American tall tale.
The novel is about an African boy named Agu who is forced to become a child soldier. Agu loses track of time, understanding only that he was a child before that war but that he has become a man in a seemingly never-ending trial by fire. In time, Agu comes under the care of a missionary shelter/hospital run by a preacher and a white woman.
The novel follows the exploits of Detroit process server Jack Ryan. A string of seemingly unrelated crimes leads Ryan to the search for a missing stockholder. Along the way, Ryan butts heads with local police, including six-shooter-carrying Dick Speed. The book is perhaps best remembered for a sequence taken straight from The Godfather.
Thomas Roch, a brilliant French inventor, has designed the Fulgurator, a weapon so powerful that "the state which acquired it would become absolute master of earth and ocean" The reader knows that Gaydon is actually Simon Hart, a French engineer and explosives expert. Hart is captured by pirates in the Bahamas. He secretly sends out a message in a metal keg, giving the full details of Karraje's operations.
The story concerns a young American geologist, Stanton Laird, working in the Australian outback in the field of oil exploration. He is befriended by a local farming family, the Regans, and develops a relationship with their daughter Mollie. The Regans run an enormously profitable station, but their domestic lifestyle is, to say the least, unconventional.
After being forcibly divorced from his wife, Spencer tries to force his way on board the ship she's on. After being ejected, he gets drunk and implanted with a "feelgood" device that stimulates the pleasure centers of the brain. Spencer is saved from this addictive and lethal fate by an unknown Kona Tatsu agent. They clean and care for him, then send him on a mission to the Daltgeld system.
The novel begins with the wild and mad Miss Hare, awaiting the arrival of a new maid to assist in the upkeep of her house. The climax is a mock crucifixion of an old Jewish refugee in the courtyard of the factory where he works. A young aborigine says three times, that he does not know the victim.
The book centers on Frannie Devin O'Neill, a veterinarian, whose husband was killed a three years before the story takes place. She meets Kit Harrison, an FBI agent, when he rents a cabin in the woods behind her house. One night, after a friend's mysterious death, Frannie sees a small girl with wings, running in the forest. They learn about Max's missing brother, Matthew, and the sinister place where they grew up.
Shedara is sent on another mission to retrieve the Hooded One, a statue of an evil Emperor of Aurim. Maladar's soul has been imprisoned in the statue and evil forces are at work to try to free him. Chovuk recruits the goblins, as well as an elf, Eldako, from the wild elf tribes to help him attack the Imperial League.
Maerad and Cadvan flee from Enkir, the First Bard of Norloch, who had broken Milana, Maerad's mother, and sold them both into slavery. They travel a long and arduous route into the island's mountainous interior, accompanied by the Bard Elenxi. They are attacked by a monstrous "stormdog"; a huge, ferocious, wild manifestation of the storm's fury.
Hard-boiled police procedural set in a highly imaginative megalopolis called the Montezuma Strip, which stretches along the old U.S.-Mexican border. The author makes use of a vast array of futuristic elements; notably, sapient apes led by gorillas and intelligent rogue computers that commit computer crimes.
When humans are Posted, their inner desires influence the outcome, tipping them into alternate universes. For intelligent beings, the Poster acts as a Landini comes from a world in which the technology was being pushed further. The further the distance in the transfer, the greater the difference between the universes linked by the Poster.
In 1532 a fleet of ships sails in secret to an island in the middle of an inland sea. There they hide a magnificent treasure more vast than that of any Pharaoh would ever possess. In 1578 the legendary Sir Francis Drake captures a Spanish galleon filled with Inca gold and silver and the key to the lost treasure. Only one man survives to tell the tale...
Dirk Pitt has to stop an evil CEO of an oil and natural gas company in the US. It is a typical Dirk Pitt novel dealing with a countdown, bribed officials, and ruthless evil leaders. Pitt also unravels the work of a brilliant, reclusive scientist who had made great advances in oil technology.
The One Percent doctrine was created in November 2001 during a briefing given by then-CIA Director George Tenet and an unnamed briefer to U.S. Vice President Dick Cheney and then-National Security Adviser Condoleezza Rice. The book also mentions a plot to attack the 34th Street - Herald Square subway station in New York City in March 2003.
After a remote Mars Rover loses contact with Earth, a series of flashes appear on the face of Mars, once every Martian day. The flashes baffle scientists at first, until strange objects are discovered heading towards Earth. A space shuttle is sent out to investigate, and becomes the first casualty in the Martian attack on Earth.
The novel is set in Moscow in the Yeltsin years, the early 1990s, a time of rampant chaos and corruption. Its protagonist, Babylen Tatarsky, graduate student and poet, has been tossed onto the streets after the fall of the Soviet Union. He soon learns his true calling: developing Russian versions of western advertisements.
The heroine, Lana, lives in a synthetic city and works as a pixel. Every evening millions of people, working as pixels, perform a 20-minute light show. After every light show all pixels receive a packet of energy which allows them to survive until their next dose. Lana is determined to find the Wild people and try to live by her own energy.
The story begins with Elena travelling to Pittsburgh, Pennsylvania to follow up a lead the Pack have come across on believe.com. When she meets her contact, a young witch named Paige Winterbourne, she has information that Elena finds suspicious. Elena is skeptical of the claims of Paige and her mother, Ruth. She goes out for a run, but is followed by a stalker with military training. Elena evades him only to discover that he has colleagues and that they Elena and Ruth are
Dime Store Magic is set nine months after the events of Stolen. Paige receives a petition for custody of her ward from Leah O'Donnell. Paige comes under investigation by the town sheriff's department and also the social services. Paige's house is fire-bombed and she and Savannah are kidnapped by the Nast Cabal.
The story starts with the attack upon Dana MacArthur, daughter of a Cabal employee. Lucas and Paige decide to travel to Miami to visit his father and introduce Paige to the family, as well as to hear further details about the attack. They discover that Dana's is only one of a series of similar attacks upon the children of Cabal employees.
Jack Bauer has a bit of a problem with a recent mission. The plane crashes and all chaos breaks loose. Frank Hensley frames Jack Bauer for the murder of two FBI agents. Ryan Chappelle has trouble helping Jack from LA. A weapon has been stolen that could potentially release a virus.
Haunted, the fifth in the Women of the Otherworld series, is a novel written by Kelley Armstrong featuring Eve Levine. Half-demon, black witch and devoted mother, Eve has been dead for three years. Eve is desperate to find a way to communicate with her daughter, Savannah, now the ward of Paige Winterbourne and Lucas Cortez.
Half-demon Hope Adams loves her job as a reporter for True News tabloid. The tabloid job is just a cover, a way for her to investigate stories with a paranormal twist. Hope's handler sends her and a date to a museum charity gala. She suspects there's more to it than a free perk.
Half-demon Xavier calls in a favour - steal Jack the Ripper's From Hell letter. Elena accidentally triggers a spell placed on the letter which opens a portal into the nether regions of Victorian London. With thieving vampires, killer rats and unstoppable zombies on the loose, Elena and the Pack must find a way to close the portal before it is too late.
Such Is My Beloved takes place in a city experiencing the economic hardships of the Great Depression. The main character is Father Stephen Dowling, a young, exuberant priest searching for the meaning of God's love. Dowling decides to try to help two young prostitutes, Ronnie and Midge, turn their lives around.
Leeming is every sergeant's worst nightmare &mdash; immune to discipline and punishment. When a mission to fly a prototype spaceship behind enemy lines comes up, he is the ideal candidate to fly it. Later, the ship malfunctions and Leeming is forced to land on an alien world, which turns out to be inhabited by the speakers of quasi-English. They are a dour, reptilian race who make ideal prison guards.
The book opens with Corey, his new FBI boss Kate Mayfield, CIA agent Ted Nash and FBI agent George Foster awaiting the arrival of a defecting Libyan terrorist, Asad Khalil. However, even before the Boeing 747 from Paris has landed, it becomes apparent that something is unusual about the flight.
Kyle Kingsbury has good looks. He is very arrogant and rude. One day in class a witch, Kendra, who has ugly features, appears and challenges his royal status. Kendra reveals herself to be a witch and punishes him for his cruelty by condemning him to live as a beast.
United States and Confederate States are locked in a stalemate as both of their offensives have stalled. The Confederacy must also deal with their black population rising up in rebellion, and a change in administration. However, the war begins to turn in the favor of the U.S. as the Kentucky offensive, led by George Armstrong Custer, manages to conquer enough of Kentucky.
The book covers the period March 5, 1934 to June 22, 1941. The United States is able to end a war with Japan, but is beginning to prepare for a fourth war against its southern neighbor. In the Confederacy, Featherston and his Freedom Party enact sweeping changes to all aspects of life.
The story follows 15-year-old Cameron Ann Morgan, a sophomore at Gallagher Academy For Exceptional Young Women. Gallagher Academy is a school for "very gifted girls," but actually aSchool for espionage spies in training. While on her first mission required for her Covert Operations class, she meets a "normal" boy called Josh.
By the mid-1980s the Soviet Politburo comes to the consensus that the country's economy is stagnating. It would be in the interests of the Soviet Union to invade Western Europe with a short, sharp blow, and then sue for peace from a position of strength. The catalyst for conflict comes in July 1985, when an American Marine unit intervenes against a Soviet incursion into Yugoslavia. In response, the Warsaw Pact mobilizes and subsequently launches a full scale invasion of Western Europe on the 4th of August 1985.
The plot concerns a girl named Rosemary who buys a broom and a cat from an untidy woman in the marketplace. When the cat starts talking to her she learns that she has encountered a witch. The cat, Carbonel, just happens to be King of the Cats.
Rachel Vinrace embarks for South America on her father's ship and is launched on a course of self-discovery in a kind of modern mythical voyage. The mismatched jumble of passengers provide Woolf with an opportunity to satirize Edwardian life. The novel introduces Clarissa Dalloway, the central character of Woolf's later novel, Mrs. D Alloway.
Conrad Tesdinic lives in a small town in his world's version of the English Alps. His uncle tells him that someone is pulling the possibilities - that is, changing the details of the world. Conrad's uncle and his group of magician friends work a strange spell on a cork, giving Conrad the power to summon a Walker at will.
The novel centers on the story of a few summer months in 1998 in Stratford, Ontario against the backdrop of the Clinton-Lewinsky scandal. Failed communication between people intensely close to each other is at the core of the quotidian tragedies. The novel ends on a surprisingly hopeful note with a vision of spring and new life.
In this first novel, Garrett is approached by the Tate family to investigate the untimely death of Denny Tate, an old army buddy of Garrett's. Denny's death was an accident, but he had acquired a large fortune in silver through insider trading. In his will, Denny left the fortune to the woman he loved, Kayean Kronk.
The novel starts with Garrett being approached by a young woman named Amiranda Crest. She explains that her employer is the Stormwarden Raver Styx, whose son Karl daPena has been kidnapped. It soon becomes apparent to Garrett that the members of the StormWARDen's family are all involved in the affair to some extent.
This story begins with Garrett being approached by a beautiful young woman by the name of Jill Craight. She hires Garrett to help find out who has been breaking into her apartment and why. After getting attacked by a gang called the Vampires, Garrett goes to his old friend Maya, leader of a gang herself, for advice. Maya informs Garrett that Jill was a former member of the Doom, Maya's gang, and that she is a chronic liar.
This Garrett novel is a traditional whodunit. Garrett is approached by his old marine sergeant, Blake Peters, who calls in an old army debt to get Garrett to investigate the mysterious illness afflicting his current employer, General Stantnor. As Garrett begins his investigation, an unknown individual begins murdering the few remaining members of the household.
Tinnie Tate comes to visit Garrett at home and is stabbed in the middle of the street by an unknown assailant. Garrett and Saucerhead run down the would-be assassin, but before they can interrogate him, he is killed by a crossbow-wielding band of hooligans. As word gets out about the power of the Book of Shadows, several parties become involved, each trying to obtain the book before the others.
Garrett is relaxing at the Joy House with Saucerhead and Morley Dotes. Captain Westman Block comes knocking at Garrett's door. Block needs Garrett's help to solve a series of grisly murders. Garrett soon realizes that the attempted kidnapping of Belinda Contague is connected to the murders. Belinda is in danger of being slain by the cursed serial killer.
Garrett is hired by Maggie Jenn to find her missing daughter, Emerald. Everything seems to be going just fine until Garrett is attacked in the street, knocked out, and thrown in the Bledsoe's mental ward. When Garrett escapes, he discovers that the man who put him there goes by the name of Grange Cleaver, also known as The Rainmaker.
TunFaire is in a state of unrest; with the sudden end of the war in the Cantard, returning former soldiers are at odds with the half-breeds and immigrants who have taken their places in society. Garrett, however, has his own problems to worry about - he gets knocked out, brought before a group of small-time gods known as the Godoroth, and forced into working for them. The goal: find the "key" to the one remaining temple up for grabs in TunFaire.
This ninth installment in the Garrett series sees Garrett visited at home by three lovely young ladies, Tinnie Tate, Giorgi Nicks, and Alyx Weider. Garrett heads out to the estate of Marengo North English, where he continues his search for the shapeshifters. With the help of Morley The Dead Man is revealed to be the last shapechanger in TunFaire.
Garrett is at home when Playmate comes by to visit, with a kid by the name of Kip Prose in tow. It turns out that Kip has made friends with creatures that cannot quite be described. Because of his relationship with these creatures, other parties are trying to kidnap Kip. Despite his protests, Garrett gets drawn into the mess.
Garrett is harassed by the Ugly Pants Gang, who believe he knows where Chodo Contague is hiding. With the help of his friends and the psychic powers of the Dead Man, Garrett survives the worst of the ordeal. The Dead Man deduces that the Green Pants Gang is actually a religious faction from outside of TunFaire.
Bobby meets the Jakills, a group of teens outside of the main social group. The Jakills and Bobby steal a ship and set off to find the truth. They eventually land in a city known as Rubity, a only Bobby and Siry make it back to the ship, which they find is burning. They escape from the enraged Flighters, only to meet Saint Dane in the now abandoned Lifelight pyramid.
The story takes place in Ossining, New York. Ed Japhet is sixteen years old, and he is a bright, articulate boy. His father Terence teaches at his school. Ed's hobby is performing magic tricks, hence he is the "magician" of the title. One evening, Ed performs in front of the school on prom night, and aggravates school hoodlum Urek. Urek attacks Ed and nearly kills him.
The book opens with Tex McCormick who is a happy go lucky 14 year old who loves horses, his brother Mace, living in a small town and Jamie the girl next door. Their mother died years before and their father goes off for months at a time leaving Mace, a senior and a star basketball player and Tex at home. At the start of the book Tex comes home to find the two brothers horses sold.
Lupe Gomez lives in a ramada in the "Rain of Gold" valley with her family. The novel begins with the main character, Lupe Gomez, as a young and overall naive girl. Eventually Lupe encounters a man she simply calls "my colonel", a charismatic and romantic figure that Lupe seemingly falls in love with.
Earth has been taken over by the Master Race, a galaxy-spanning empire of artificial intelligences. Athol Morrison has served for 20 years, and heads back to Earth for a brief vacation. He finds it easy to give into his old feelings with his childhood girlfriend, Alexandra Moreno.
Mediated aims at creating awareness rather than offering ready-made solutions to remedy the intrusion of too much media in our industrial societies. Rather than writing yet another pamphlet against the media, the author chooses to focus on the mechanisms and the processes of our mediated society. The media forces at work since the fifties have contributed to expanding our options greatly.
The Death and Glories are bored because the salvage business is in decline on the Broads. They see a boat being loaded for delivery to the Lake in the North where the Swallows, Amazons and Ds have their adventures. They get left behind at a stop on the way but make their way to the lake and find that the lorry has already left for Norfolk.
Philip Caputo was a member of the 9th Expeditionary Brigade of the USMC, the first American regular troops unit sent to take part in the Vietnam War. He describes the North Vietnamese Army and the Viet Cong as fierce and skilled fighters and as having earned the grudging respect of American soldiers. Lt. Caputo describes American corpses carrying evidence of Viet Cong torture.
The novel is set in Bath, Somerset and centres around two main characters: Miss Abigail Wendover and Mr Miles Caverleigh. When attempting to enlist Miles' help in preventing a clandestine marriage between his nephew, Stacy, and her niece, Fanny, Abigails finds herself attracted to the black sheep of the Caverly family. After rejecting Miles' first proposal, following a series of Heyer-esque twists and turns, AbIGail is finally swept off her feet when Miles abducts her.
There are two parts to the novel, Iron, and Inconstant Star. In Iron, Saxtorph and the Rover are hired by the wealthy Crashlander Laurinda Brozik to explore a newly discovered red dwarf star. They find a massive artifact made of an unknown metal that is pouring out lethal radiation. They are forced to use the artifact's radiation against the Kzin warship.
Orihata Miyashita Touka and Suema Kazuko were studying at the cram school were they had met and become friends. Orihata saw Asukai do "something" near the chests of two girls on behalf of Imaginator &ndash; a name she recognized from a book by Kirima Seiichiro. After the incident with Sp Anou Shinjirou fell in love with Taniguchi Masaki.
The story covers the last few days of term before Christmas for the students of Johann-Sigismund Gymnasium. The main characters are Martin, the first student of the class, Jonathan, an orphan who was adopted by a captain, Matz, Uli and Sebastian, students from the Tertia. The so-called "Realists" steal their schoolbooks containing their dictations.
Great-Uncle Lancelot is a scientist who invented a magic dust. He uses it to communicate with animals. He takes his three children, Emma, Ivan and Conrad, to track his brother, Perceval. On their way, they meet a crocodile, a rhinoceros, some koalas, a platypus and a blue whale.
The Black Company's current employer, the Syndic of Beryl, is losing control of his decadent city to rival factions. When the Taken named Soulcatcher offers the Company new employment in the service of the Lady, its Captain The Company takes an important rebel fortress, embarrassing both the Limper and Raker, a leading member of the Circle of Eighteen.
The Black Company is ordered to march thousands of miles across the Lady's vast empire to the Barrowland. A small detachment, including the Company's doctor and historian, Croaker, is flown to Juniper. Shed and Shed find out that Shed's acquaintance, Asa, has been robbing the dead in the underground Catacombs. A minor incident escalates into a life-and-death struggle between Krage and Raven.
The Black Company has taken refuge from the Lady in the Plain of Fear. From this sanctuary, the White Rose rebuilds and directs the rebellion. After several years of relative peace, the pace picks up. The Taken and their armies gather on the borders of the plain. The last letter claims that the wizard knew the Lady's true name.
The Dominator was a wizard of immense power who could not be killed by his enemies. He was defeated and his evil essence imprisoned in a silver spike. The power inherent in the spike is so greatly feared and desired that some try to steal it while others try to keep it from falling into anyone's hands.
Following the defeat of the Dominator at the Barrowlands, the Black Company is down to just six men. The Lady, formerly a powerful sorceress and ruler of the Empire of the North, follows along with the company. They eventually reach the Temple of Traveler's Repose, where they are able to recover several volumes of annals that were lost long ago.
 Bleak Seasons is unique among the Black Company series for the unusual narrative device of Murgen being totally unfixed in time. The tone is introspective, haunted and mysterious. This novel introduces several key elements and characters to the series, including visions of the frozen caverns, Sahra, Uncle Doj, Mother Gota and One-Eye's black spear.
Water Sleeps is set with most of the leadership of the Company in Stasis, while the remaining company fights a guerilla war. The company is pitted against the last remaining Shadowmaster, Soulcatcher, and the subtle machinations of the sleeping Goddess of Death and her Deceivers.
No Black Company member has died in battle for four years. But with the Company's old adversaries around, they hope to bring about the apocalyptic Year of the Skulls. The Company is brought to the edge of the apocalypse in this climactic conclusion to the "Glittering Stone" cycle.
April Lancaster, the child of Janice and Hugh Lancaster, enters the hospital for testing as she has been suffering from headaches, blackouts, and eventually passed out in English class. During this time, April becomes acquainted with Mark Gianni, who suffers from cystic fibrosis, and has been in and out of the hospital since he was born. Mark is very interested in April, and even tells her that he intends to marry her.
Among us live the Others. They are humans who can enter the Twilight, a shadowy world that exists alongside our real world. Others are made up of two distinct groups- the Light Others and Dark Others. Both sides signed a Great Treaty- a set of laws which would govern them and the use of powers.
Alive tells the story of the Uruguayan Rugby team and their friends and family who were involved in the airplane crash. Of the 45 people on the flight, only 16 survived, resorting to cannibalism to live. Read interviewed the survivors and their families for an extensive period of time before writing the book.
Parrado co-wrote the 2006 book Miracle in the Andes: 72 Days on the Mountain and My Long Trek Home, with Vince Rause. Parrado returns to the events described in Piers Paul Read's 1974 book, Alive: The Story of The Andes Survivors.
The New Centurions is a straightforward narration of events with little use of flashback. The novel is basically without plot, instead episodically depicting the psychological changes in three LAPD officers caused by the stresses of police work. Many of the characters are the first appearances of police officer character types repeatedly found in Wambaugh's LAPD novels. The atavistic beat officers Andy Kilvinsky and Whitey Duncan can be seen again in Bumper Morgan.
In Flynn's previous novel, Memorial Day, CIA counter-terror operative and assassin Mitch Rapp uncovered an Al-Qaeda plot to use a nuclear weapon. Rapp is angered by the new Director of National Intelligence, Mark Ross, who authorized surveillance of Rapp's co-worker and friend, former Navy SEAL Scott Coleman.
Caith mac Sliabhin is condemned by the Sidhe for committing patricide. He wanders along the river Guagach accompanied by Dubhain, a mischievous pooka. Their journey takes them to Fianna was unable to conceive and sought help from a wise-women. Moragacht struck a bargain with her, promising her twins if she lay down with a selkie.
The story follows the Wolf-clan as they try to find the Wyrm-Namer. They meet a spirit-wolf who tells them where to find it. The Namer tells them the name of the dragon, Gloomwing, who lives in the valleys of Marak, home of the kender.
The protagonist of the book is Kurt Morgan, a crewman on the Alliance ship Endymion, which was destroyed in a space battle with Hanan forces. Morgan evacuates the ship and lands on an alien planet, home of the Nemet race. He is rescued by one faction and becomes embroiled in their political and military struggles. Morgan is not the first human stranded on the planet, however.
In the story, a ship belonging to a terrifyingly dominant space-faring race, the iduve, arrives at a space station. They demand that a particular station resident, a blue-skinned Kallian, be sent to their ship and all record of him be erased. No defiance is possible or the space station will be destroyed.
Sara Payne's autobiography covers the abduction and murder of her daughter Sarah on 1 July 2000, and the effects that it had on herself, her family and the community. The first chapter of the book tells the story of Payne's life from 1985 and the age of 16. The following two chapters tell of Sarah's disappearance and then of the news that her body had been found.
An Australian family, struggling with the recent recession are finding it hard with money. While watching television, their youngest oand speaks to a doctor who refuses to help. He meets a Welsh man named Ted crying, claiming that his friend also has cancer. Colin attempts to cheer him up, so in appreciation, Ted requests Colin that they meet up again so Ted can introduce Colin to one of the world's leading cancer experts. Colin meets Ted and Doctor Graham the next day, where Doctor Graham tells Colin that she called up Luke's doctors in Sydney.
Lieutenant Colonel Cletus Grahame has been an instructor at the Western Alliance military academy since a battle injury crippled one of his knees. Over the course of years he builds the Dorsai into the unique fighting force that becomes so famous in later years. With their advanced training and superior tactics, they can defeat larger forces and suffer far fewer casualties than any.
The novel is written as a first-person narrative, the memoir of a mathematician named Peter Hogarth. Hogarth becomes involved in a Pentagon-directed project in the Nevada desert. There is much speculation about the nature of whatever alien beings might have sent the signal. The comparison between the Signal and a Rorschach test is made more than once.
A vampire and a werewolf come across Gil's All Night Diner, a 24-hour restaurant in the middle of nowhere. The diner is the target of zombie attacks, hauntings, and occult activity. The manager of the diner, Loretta, offers them a job helping her out around the diner.
After the events of Mutineers' Moon, the evil mutineer Anu has been defeated by the warship Dahak, aided by its new captain, Colin MacIntyre. Colin and his new wife, Jiltanith, take Dahak and depart for the nearest known Imperial system. Colin orders Mother to implement "Case Omega"- an order which unbeknownst to him, appoints the senior surviving Fleet official and civil servant as Emperor.
The story is narrated by a young rich man, heir to a huge sum of money. He devotes his life to an organization called "We Live Again" which investigates the reality of reincarnation. The story focuses on Mallory Gabus, a recently reincarnated woman. She recalls and narrates her experiences and memories of Hitler's victory.
Engineer Sam Merrit has been sent to the planet Hestia to build a dam. The colonists believe that a dam will enable them to expand beyond their single river valley and escape the squalid conditions that have persisted there since the founding of the colony over a hundred years ago. Upon arrival Merrit finds that, in his professional judgment, adam will not solve the colony's problems.
In I, Lucifer, God presents the devil with a chance of redemption by living a somewhat sinless life in a human body. Lucifer, not wanting redemption, takes God's offer for a trial but instead takes it as a month's holiday. The whole story is permeated by the main character's versions of biblical episodes and his disparaging opinions about God and "Jimmeny"
The 1911 season finds the Emersons planning to excavate at Zawyet el'Aryan, south of the great pyramids of Giza. David Todros has just been married to Lia, the daughter of Walter and Evelyn Emerson. The family's happiness is dimmed by allegations that David has been making and selling fake antiquities under the guise of his late grandfather Abdullah's legacy.
The novel takes place in 1914, as Ramses Emerson works undercover to gather intelligence for the British military. Nefret returns from studying medicine in Switzerland, and Percy Peabody returns to wreak revenge on the Emerson family for past events. The Emerson have acquired the firman for part of the Giza concession, but are distracted by a criminal element.
The book is written by George Frangoulis. The stories and brief synopses in the book are as follows: # Some Pencils are Smarter than People by Erwin A. Steinkamp. # The New Friend by D.J. Gregoirio - A young man discovers his classmate is an Extraterrestrial.
The Lord Saukendar, Imperial sword master and stalwart supporter of the Emperor is betrayed. He is falsely accused of an affair with his childhood sweetheart Lady Meiya, now the Emperor's wife. Taizu, a country girl from Hua locates him, demands he teach her sufficient swordsmanship to extract her revenge for her people's suffering. They become embroiled in the affairs of empire, becoming the spearhead of a revolt that rescues the Emperor.
Young Arthur de Caldicot is the second son of a knight living in the "Middle Marches" of the March of Wales. Most of the first book deals with the stresses associated with medieval life. The novel ends with Arthur accepted as squire to the Lord of the Middle Marches, Stephen de Holt.
The Isle of Dread is an adventure module for D&D 2nd edition. The module has been described as a medium to high level scenario. It takes place on a mysterious tropical island divided by an ancient stone wall. Many prehistoric creatures, including dinosaurs, are prominently featured, especially in the original printing.
Quint is the only remaining son of famous sky pirate Wind Jackal. He arrives with his father in the floating city of Sanctaphrax. Most High Academe Linius Pallitax agrees to allow Quint to stay in Sanctaph. Linius is visited by the gloamglozer-Quint, who traps the Academe in his Palace of Shadows.
The story concerns the death and inheritance of old Cyrus West, a rich eccentric who felt that his relatives "have watched my wealth as if they were cats, and I -- a canary". He decrees that his will be read twenty years after his death, at which point his relatives converge at his old family home.
Alanna of Trebond and her twin brother Thom may be twins, but are very different. Alanna is a tomboy who dreams of being a knight, and Thom wishes to become a sorcerer. To avoid their respective fates "Alan" trains as a page, meeting many friends. She Alanna has a powerful healing Gift, but is frightened to use it.
Alanna Cooper is the daughter of George Cooper and the granddaughter of Prince Jonathan. She becomes a knight and discovers she is a woman. As she progresses into knighthood, Alanna's feminine side is nurtured as well. In a final showdown against her long-time nemesis, she kills Duke Roger of Conte.
The third book sees Alanna through her journey through the Bazhir desert. She and her manservant Coram are adopted by the Bloody Hawk tribe. Alanna selects three Gifted children of the tribe, Ishak, Kara, and Kourrem. She also inherits the former shaman's sword, with a crystal on the hilt.
The first chapter of this quartet finds Alanna and her manservant, Coram, on a quest seeking a legendary stone. The travelers pass through war-torn Sarain, ripped apart by a vicious Princess Thayet. Alanna has been having strange dreams from home, of her brother Thom, George, Jonathan, and Lord Roger's dead body.
The book is split into three parts. Halley and Scarlett Thomas live in directly opposite houses and both had jobs at Milton's Market. At the beginning of the summer, Scarlett started dating Michael Sherwood but they decide to keep it quiet. On the day of the funeral, it is clear that no one knew about Scarlett and Michael.
The first Fletch novel introduces I. M. Fletcher, a journalist and ex-marine staying on a beach watching the drug culture for a story. A millionaire businessman named Alan Stanwyk approaches FletCh to hire him to murder him. The man tells Flet ch that he is dying of bone cancer and wants to avoid a slow, painful death.
Sherlock Holmes is called in to investigate when the body of an Italian diplomat is discovered in the River Thames. The diplomat was in London to initiate talks regarding a secret naval treaty between the two nations. Events take a shocking turn, however, when a young solicitor is found slain in the East End, his body similarly mutilated.
Divorcee Martha Tierney awakes to a phone call from her son Jonathan's headmistress telling her Jonathan is not at school. Jonathan has been stalked for several days by Lawrence Miller, a former professor who has lost his job after being accused of child molestation. When Patrick fails to show at the doughnut shop, Lawrence pretends to be a friend of Jonathan's father and lures him off to the zoo.
Ted Barton, having left Millgate, Virginia several years ago, returns with his wife Peg to find his hometown strangely transformed. Barton meets three sympathetic locals: Doctor Meade, a family physician; his daughter, Mary; and William Christopher, a town drunk. However, Mary has a menacing counterpart-- Peter Trilling, the deceptively young offspring of the town's hotel owner. After Barton's departure from Millgate is blocked by a permanently jacknifed logging truck, he discovers that Christopher remembers theTown's erased past.
Daine receives a summons from some old friends - the wolf pack from her old village, led by Brokefang and his mate Frostfur. They are unhappy with the nobles ruining the Long Lake, their territory. Tristan Staghorn is a war mage from the Carthaki university where Numair studied to become one of the 7 most powerful mages in the world.
Daine is sent with a delegation that includes both Sir Gareths of Naxen, Alanna the Lioness, and Numair Salmalin, to the Emperor Mage of Carthak. The Graveyard Hag has supreme power in Carthak as the primary goddess. She urges Daine, as her vessel, to act by causing chaos.
In this final book of Daine's story, she and Numair are transported to the Divine Realms,or the realms of the gods themselves through a very unusual agency. Despite her happiness at being reunited with her long dead mother, Daine must return to the mortal realms in time to help fight the Immortals attacking Tortall. In the epilogue of the book, Numair asks Daine to marry him.
 Élano is the most powerful substance in Avalon, and is known for its power to create life. In the previous book, "Child of the Dark Prophecy", the evil sorcerer Kulwych made a pure crystal of él Tamwyn. Tamwyn discovers that the stars that illuminate Avalon are in fact "doors of fire" that lead, when opened, to other worlds.
Once prominent Republican who fought for Irish independence in the 1920s. He is now a widower with three daughters and two sons. Moran's controlling nature is shown from the very first flashback narrative. He refuses his soldier's pension because he feels that the government has betrayed the ideals that he fought for in his youth.
The book follows the experiences of three members of the royal household of the Sarl. The Sarl live on the 8th level of the Shellworld of Sursamen, an ancient artificial planet. A member of a long dead civilization known as the Iln is uncovered deep beneath the city and wakes.
Devlin Stonehand is an ex-metalsmith and ex-farmer from the conquered land of Duncaer. After losing his family to banecats, he decides to take the oath of the Chosen One, hoping for a quick death. Instead, Devlin solves the mystery of elusive bandits and defeats a lake monster.
George Smiley unexpectedly accepts an invitation from Ned to speak at the agent training school at Sarratt. Ned revels silently in his memories as Smiley imparts his wisdom to a class of newly-recruited MI6 students. The themes of the book are Smiley's sense of the moral ambiguity of spying, and Ned's growing self-awareness.
Danse Macabre appears to take place a few weeks after the events of Incubus Dreams. Unlike the previous thirteen novels, neither Anita's role as a Federal Marshal nor her job as a zombie animator plays any part in this book. Vampires in this world are capable of fathering a child, either via sperm created prior to their death for the newly dead.
The year 3000 is approaching, and life continues as normal for most people. A few, however, are aware that the Protocol of the past thousand years is breaking down. Thaïle, a Gifted pixie in mysterious Thume, stands Death Watch over a neighbor, and receives her first Word of power.
Someone is killing wizards, and doing so apparently without the use of magic. Lord Darcy is sent to investigate. He must uncover the murderer and ascertain whether the whole business is a ploy to kill the king himself. To complicate matters Darcy must investigate during the preparations for the investiture of Gwiliam, Duke of Lancaster as Prince of Gaul.
In New England an Azteque Prince is found dead on a stone altar. Lord Darcy and Sean O Lochlainn are sent across the Atlantic to investigate. Darcy must identify the killer and determine whether the Azteques are returning to human sacrifice. Perhaps an attempt is being made by the rival Polish Empire to upset the balance of power.
Chariclea is the daughter of King Hydaspes and Queen Persinna of Ethiopia. She was born white because her mother gazed upon a painting of the naked Andromeda. Theagenes, a noble Thessalian, comes to Delphi and the two fall in love. They encounter many perils: pirates, bandits, and others.
The novel is a first contact story, following the generation ship But the Sky, My Lady! The Sky! as it approaches the Destiny Star. The discovery of an Industrial Age alien race upsets the established protocols of the ship, leading to uncertainty and delays in habitation.
The world of Operation Luna has an alternative history, which mostly resembled our own until a great "Awakening" Steve helped in the construction of a spacecraft for Operation Selene, the United States' first attempt to send a manned craft to the Moon. Steve and Ginny enlist the help of a number of people, including Balawahdiwa, a Zuni high priest.
The story begins when Miss Bianca's owner, referred to as "The Boy," becomes sick and is taken to a mountain resort far from the city. The problem centers around his owner, an orphaned young lady named Miss Tomasina, who has been kidnapped by mountain bandits under the order of her legal guardian. Bernard decides to take the case, in the process gathering valuable clues.
The Race establishes bases on every continent except Antarctica. Landing bases in Florida, Illinois, Idaho, and New York cause widespread panic and chaos. Jäger is given a horse and is forced to ride across the Ukrainian steppe and through enemy-occupied Poland to reach Germany with the precious metal.
The novel is set in an unnamed country. The story begins at a birthday party thrown at the country's vice presidential home. The party is thrown for Katsumi Hosokawa, the visiting chairman of a large Japanese electronics company called Nansei. Performing is a famous American soprano, Roxane Coss. Near the end of the party, members of a terrorist organization break into the house looking for the President. The terrorist group decides to take the entire party hostage.
Cherry Vanilla passes himself off as a virginal girl and enters the service of Glad, a pimp who runs a truck stop brothel in West Virginia. He calls himself Sarah and learns how to turn tricks with the truckers. The story itself has many of the elements of The Heart Is Deceitful Above All Things, but has a lighter, more humorous feel.
Calwyn is a young priestess who chants the ice chants of Antaris. She lives inside Antaris, a community located among mountains, which is enclosed by an ice wall. During one of the nine days of Strengthening, in which the priestesses sing to maintain the Wall, it is breached by a strange traveler, called Darrow.
The story revolves around the relationship between the Tabajara indigenous woman, Iracema; and the Portuguese colonist, Martim. Alencar tries to remake the history of the Brazilian colonial state of Ceará's origins, with Moacir as the first true Brazilian. This pure Brazilian is born from the love of the natural, innocence and culture.
By the time this book opens, characters Calwyn, Trout, Tonno, Halassa and Mica are making and enacting plans to rescue chanters from their various underprivileged situations. A Darrow returns to the island of Ravamey, his current refuge, and learns that Calwyn and others have left.
Morgarath, the angry, evil lord of the bleak, barren Mountains of Rain and Night, has been waiting for fifteen years in his dark realm, carefully planning his revenge against the Kingdom of Araluen. Will is trained in these skills as he prepares for the annual Ranger meeting called the Gathering which is where his skills will be tested.
On a special mission for the Ranger Corps, Will, his friend Horace, and the Ranger Gilan travel to Celtica, a neighbouring country to Araluen. They discover that all the people are gone. Will and Horace wonder if all the villagers have been slain or captured. Gilan believes that the evil Lord Morgarath devised a plan to cross the mountain pass.
 Freddy was an intelligent pig that lived on the Bean Farm. To avoid the cold winter at their farm in Upstate New York, the animals decided to vacation in Florida. After meeting two men who tried to capture Hank, the old horse, and Mrs. Wiggins, a cow, they arrived at Florida only to get trapped on an island in a swamp by some alligators.
The novel is narrated by Alexias, a noble Athenian youth. Alexias falls in love with Lysis, a man in his 20s - a champion pankratiast and a student of Socrates. The novel follows their the relationship through the Peloponnesian War, the surrender of Athens, the establishment of the Thirty Tyrants rule over Athens.
On a winter night in Antaris, Tamen, the Guardian of the Wall, and other priestesses approach the ice Wall that surrounds Antaris. A priestess drugs herself, whereupon the other priestess sing a hole into the Calwyn tries to heal a drugged priestess but does not succeed. The three are rescued by Ursca, an infirmarian, who takes them to an abandoned, lightning-struck barn where in the rafters is a snow-
The Ancient Economy has been labeled "the Finley/Polanyi orthodox" Finley covers both ancient economic thought, wealth, the role of the state, slavery as well as the tax system. The book has had such an impact "No individual writer has attempted a comprehensive economic overview of the entire classical world since Finley"
In 1943, the Race attempts to consolidate its hold over Latin America, Africa, and Australia. Colonel Heinrich Jäger is given command of a panzer regiment near Belfort and is charged with keeping the Race from reaching the Rhine. The story ends with the balance of power in the scope of the conflict dramatically.
Newlyweds Ramses and Nefret Emerson live on their family's dahabeeyah on the Nile. The rest of the group remains at the house near Giza, where their excavations continue. Between the antics of Ramses' former associates in the smuggling trade, the reappearance of the Master Criminal, and yet another unknown adversary with a rich find, little time is permitted for romance.
The Golden One is a combination of two stories. The first story deals with the search for an unknown tomb. The second story follows Ramses Emerson as he is sent on another mission. Both Bertie Vandergelt and Ramses have encounters with Bertie and Jumana.
The 1919 season opens with the Vandergelts and Emersons packing the God's Wives treasures found for Cyrus Vandergelt by his adopted son Bertie. Along the way, the Emerson family is dogged by a series of mysterious events ranging from strange pranks to near-fatal accidents. Amelia tries to befriend Maryam and helps her to rebuild her relationship with her father.
The story begins in 1907, ten years after the Emersons' expedition into the Nubian desert in The Last Camel Died at Noon. A messenger from the Lost Oasis now appears at their home in Kent, pleading for help for their friend, King Tarek. This time it is Ramses who experiences the feeling of foreboding that normally assails Amelia.
In 1922, the Emersons are excavating at Deir el Medina when a melodramatic visitor delivers a solid gold ancient statuette to them. When their visitor turns up dead and her stepchildren disappear, everyone except theEmersons believe the murder is a family affair. Ramses, meanwhile, finds a papyrus which he suspects to be of historic importance, and an assistant who is not all he seems.
The book centers around twin siblings, Mitch and Amy, who bicker constantly over insignificant or little things. It chronicles their average daily experiences or their opposing personalities and interests, as well as their sibling rivalry. However, it also deals with their problems with a tormentor named Alan Hibbler, who harasses them constantly.
Ramona longs to be brave and grown-up, so when some boys tease her older sister about her name Ramona sticks up for her. Mother gets a part-time job and some workmen cut a hole in their house to add an extra bedroom. Ramona can't wait for school to start so she can tell everyone in first grade about the big, slightly scary, hole.
The story is told through the eyes of Willis Seward "Willie" Keith, an affluent, callow young man. He signs up for midshipman school with the United States Navy to avoid being drafted into the Army during World War II. He reports on the ship's decaying condition and slovenly crew. Willie's lackadaisical attitude toward what he considers menial and repetitive duties brings about a humiliating clash with the captain.
A little girl named Dorothy Gale lives in the midst of the great Kansas prairies with her Aunt Em, her Uncle Henry and her little dog, Toto. One day, while she is playing with her pet cow Imogene, things are broken up by a fierce whirlwind. Dorothy and Toto take shelter in the farmhouse, which is carried far away into the clouds. Meanwhile in the hamlet of Center Munch, the little Munchkins dance around their maypole not noticing that Dorothy's house has fallen to earth and killed the Wicked Witch of the East.
Dhracian hunter Rath arrives by sea, searching for the F'dor demons and also for Ysk, now known as Achmed the Snake, the Assassin King of Ylorc. dragons gather in a primeval forest glade to mourn the death of the dragon Llauron, who died protecting his daughter-in-law Rhapsody and her newborn son.
The novel centers on three main character groups; that of the scholic Hockenberry, Helen and Greek and Trojan warriors from the Iliad. Daeman, Harman, Ada and the other humans of Earth; and the moravecs, specifically Mahnmut the Europan and Orphu of Io. Much like Simmons' Hyperion where the actual events serve as a frame, the three groups of characters' stories are told over the course of the novel.
As in some of her other short story collections , Christie employs an overarching narrative. There are three sets of narrative, though they themselves interrelate. The first set of six are stories told by the Tuesday Night Club, a random gathering of people at the house of Miss Marple.
Ramona is well into her second grade year at Glenwood School. All is going well until one day her father comes home and announces he has lost his job. Ramona wants to help, so she crosses almost everything off her wish list for Christmas. Then she adds one more item - a happy family. But will her wish come true?
Ramona and Beezus learn that marital "spats" are part of life, and do not always end in divorce. Ramona feels isolated and unappreciated by her family. She overhears a phone conversation that causes her to feel betrayed, and decides to run away.
Third-grader Ellen Tebbits lives with her parents on Klickitat Street in Portland, Oregon. The book opens when Ellen heads to her dance class at the studio run by the mother of a classmate, Otis Spofford. Other chapters in the book deal with Ellen's first-ever time going horseback riding.
Viscount Abercrombie is shot dead while recovering from shell shock. Scotland Yard Inspector Douglas Kingsley has refused national service. He's hauled before a judge, branded a coward and thrown into prison. Home Office abducts him from his cell, fake his death and order him to investigate the Viscount's death.
Kermit is almost buried by a dog, but is saved by a poor boy. Kermit is grateful and wants to thank the boy, but cannot think of a way to do so. With the help of the pelican, Kermit drops coins down the boy's chimney. The boy's family becomes rich and Kermit learns the value of sharing.
Mr. Watson is a widowed clergyman with two sons and four daughters. The youngest daughter, Emma, has been brought up by a wealthy aunt. Emma attracts some notice from the boorish and awkward young Lord Osborne. Various minor characters provide potential matches for Emma's brothers and sisters.
John and Philippa Gaunt lead an upper class life in New York City, New York. Their life changes when their Wisdom Teeth appear after their Uncle Nimrod appears to them in a dream. He tells them that they are Djinns, and that their mother is trying to take away their powers.
A young boy named Mickey sleeps in his bed when he is disturbed by noise on a lower floor. Suddenly, he begins to float, and all of his clothes disappear as he drifts into a surreal world called the "Night Kitchen" He falls into a giant mixing pot that contains the batter for the "morning cake"
A scientist has invented ultra-sensitive magnetic fields, which begin to attract objects from space. Strange things begin happening, including a freak storm and insects and spiders begin to mutate into giant monsters. An alien spaceship has appeared over London and begins to warn mankind against the dangers of this scientific experiment.
Prince Gaborn Val Orden of Mystarria is a young Runelord. He travels to the kingdom of Heredon to try to win the hand of Princess Iome Sylvarresta. Gaborn's plans are put on hold when he receives word that Raj Ahten is leading his army north.
Roland Borenson awakens after the death of his Runelord, King Mendellas Draken Orden. He unites with a man known as Baron Poll as they travel through Mystarria. They encounter a young messenger girl named Averan and a mysterious green woman. The group heads towards the walled city of Carris with haste.
Teddy Garnett tells the story of a global flood that has left humanity in tatters. A helicopter crash nearby brings Kevin and Sarah, the last two survivors of an outpost in Baltimore, into Teddy's story. It all leads to a slam-bang showdown with a creature so monstrous it scares even the killer annelids.
The story begins in the Soviet Union, just after the end of the Russian Civil War. A lonely engineer, Mstislav Los', designs and constructs a revolutionary pulse detonation rocket and decides to set course for Mars. The trip is prolonged with the effects of high speed and time dilation resulting in a loss of over three years.
After Raj Ahten attempts to murder the Earth King at the end of Brotherhood of the Wolf, his men turn on him and declare him a marked man in his own kingdom of Indhopal. Binnesman, sensing strong Earth powers within Averan, promptly begins to train her, as well as train his own wylde, Spring.
Gaborn is charged by the Earth to descend into the underworld and confront the One True Master, ruler of the Reavers. As he descends, Gaborn's powers grow as he takes many endowments, vectored through his dedicates. Gaborn and his companions follow the trail of the previous Earth King, Erden Geboren, to its furthest.
Lizard forces in Britain are subjected to another human weapon they did not anticipate: mustard gas. The British use of mustard gas inspires the Germans, Americans and Russians to use poison gas against the Race. The German use of poison gas includes the use of Sarin and Tabun. China's Communist guerrillas also escalate the conflict.
At the beginning of 1944, the Battle of Chicago has ended with the Race's forces decimated as a result of an American atomic bomb detonated in the heart of the city. In Cairo, the Race reaches an accord with the human powers. The Race will completely withdraw from the territories under the control of the United States, the Soviet Union, and the Third Reich.
In Burroughs' concept, the Earth is a hollow shell with Pellucidar as the internal surface. David is a mining heir who finances the experimental "iron mole," an excavating vehicle designed by his elderly inventor friend Abner Perry. In a test run, they discover the vehicle cannot be turned, and it burrows 500 miles into the Earth's crust.
David Mingolla is an artillery specialist in the U.S. Army serving in a near-future Central American war. As they get close to each other, Mingolla feels intense mental pain later identified as a psychic probing his mind. He is recruited into the Psicorps, an elite group of psychics the United States has assembled to counter the Soviet Union's own.
The fifth book starts off directly where the last book had ended, from the point of view of Trey, Luke's friend from Hendricks' School for Boys. After Luke Garner leaves Smits Grant, the younger brother of the real Lee Grant, in the care of his real parents, Trey finds himself at Mr. Talbot's front door preparing to explain all the recent events.
Mickey Smith discovers a 2000-year-old statue of Rose in a museum. She and the Doctor travel to Ancient Rome and discover some unpleasant secrets. Rose meets a girl who can predict the future, and learns to be careful what she wishes for. The Doctor and Rose meet in Ancient Rome.
David Rice unexpectedly teleports and finds himself in the local library. Vowing never to return to his father's house, David makes his way to New York City. After being mugged and discovering that he can't get a job without a birth certificate and social security number, David robs a local bank by teleporting inside the safe. David also manages to locate and reunite with his long lost mother, Mary Niles.
Buster Casey is born in the rural town of Middleton with the senses of smell and taste far more advanced than any other human. Buster acquires the nickname "Rant" from a childhood prank involving animal organs which results in numerous people getting sick. As the victims throw up, they make a sound resembling the word "rant," which becomes a local synonym for "vomit" and Buster's nickname.
Cornell University resident and author Stephen Titus George finds that his real life is becoming the main plot of a retired god, known as Mr. Sunshine. The novel tells the story of the battle between Good and Evil and the efforts of the two authors to write the story towards either a happy ending or a tragic greek drama.
John Lorenzen is an astronomer from Lunopolis who is recruited by the Lagrange Institute for the second expedition to Troas. At this time, Earth is still recovering from a two-century-long era of war and chaos that began with the Soviet conquest of North America in World War III. Twenty-two years after the discovery of a faster-than-light drive, Troas is the only Earthlike world to be discovered.
Matthias, Percy, and Alia, are introduced once again. At Niedler School they are apprehended along with many other children and put in a truck to be taken, supposedly, to a work camp. They are saved when Matthias finds a nail, slashes the tires and crashes into a tree that falls, injuring Alia in the process, and allows them to escape. They run immediately to the forest, and Percy is shot in a crossfire between Population Police and Rebels while they are trying to find a place to hide. They end up at Population Police headquarters, where he finds an expected favor from the commander of the base.
Luke Garner is an illegal third child along with Trey, Nina, Matthias, Percy, and Alia. He has been working from within the Population Police at the stables in hopes of slowly overthrowing them and bringing about freedom. When he is chosen to accompany a sergeant on a mission to distribute new identification cards to citizens, Luke unknowingly brings about the catalyst of change.
Lena's one solace is the figure drawing class she is taking at an art school. Lena's father convinced his mother, Valia, to move in with his family. Bridget and Eric are made partners, causing them to see each other constantly. Carmen meets Win Sawyer, a college student who volunteers at the hospital.
A Stroke of Midnight is the sequel to Seduced by Moonlight. Follows the deaths of Beatrice, one of the lesser fae, and a human reporter. Merry, assigned to solve the murders by her aunt, Queen Andais, opts to bring in human forensics. The entire novel takes place within approximately one day.
Seduced by Moonlight begins shortly after the events of A Caress of Twilight. Kurag, Goblin King, is insisting upon proof that Kitto has become sidhe following sex with Merry. It is revealed that Meredith is a vessel for the Goddess Danu when she inadvertently brings the pregnant Maeve Reed back into her god-head.
A Caress of Twilight begins a few months after the events of A Kiss of Shadows. Merry and the Sidhe warriors she has chosen as her lovers have returned to Los Angeles, California. Merry is approached by Maeve Reed, previously known as Conchenn before her exile from the Seelie Court and now a famous Hollywood actress.
The story begins in Los Angeles, California, in a world where magical creatures are "out of the closet" and, in some cases, even legal. Princess Meredith NicEssus is working for the Grey Detective Agency under the assumed name of Meredith 'Merry' Gentry. In the process of solving the case, Merry's secret is revealed, and she is hunted by the demonic Sluagh.
Meredith wakes up from a dream where she is given a horn cup from the Consort. The horn is a lost relic belonging to Abeloec, one of her guards, and the former god of wine. Meredith asks the sithen to create a door to return to the Unseelie sithen. Galen, Nicca and Aisling disappear into the earth, air and trees.
Monster Planet takes place twelve years after the events in Monster Island. Sarah, Dekalb's now 20-year-old daughter, fights alongside Ayaan and her squad of female Somali warriors. Meanwhile, a powerful lich from Russia who calls himself "The Tsarevich" leads his army west on an unknown expedition.
Animals could pay for a tour with food, or by doing work for Mr. Bean. Freddy and Jinx, the cat, were sick and tired of conducting the tours. Freddy suggested a trip to the North Pole. Charles and Jack, a dog, were captured by some wolves.
The novel revolves around two men, Charlie Millar and George, both secret agents. They are mistakenly placed together as employees in a photo kiosk at Oxford Circus. Neither man is aware of the other's real identity. Then a "Frame Thirteen" order comes through, instructing each to assassinate the other.
Ambrose is the owner of a large country estate on the Cornish coast. He is guardian to his orphaned cousin, seven-year-old Philip. Ambrose tells Philip that he and Rachel are married. Philip is deeply concerned and decides to go to Italy. Two weeks later Nick receives a communication from Rachel to say she has arrived by boat at Plymouth.
The only Western character in the novel is a young, unnamed French Communist student of Slavic languages who participates as an interpreter. The party finds Boczek wounded and lying in the snow in front of an enraged boar ready to kill. Evgeni Goloz Vera Nikolaevna Tretjakova is the only female character, and only present as a ghost of the past.
The story is apparently a metaphor for the American Revolution, with Earth representing England and Alpha Centauri representing the US. The character named Harl Ellison was named after science fiction writer Harlan Ellison, who was a neighbor of Silverberg in New York at the time he was writing the book. Distinctive things to note about the 1955 novel include: The overdrive is based on the principle of warping space.
12-year-old Margaret Rose Kane is sent to summer camp in the Adirondack Mountains while her parents visit Peru. For 45 years they have constructed three towers of scrap metal, glass, and ceramic in their small back yard. The new homeowning gentry have petitioned to have the towers demolished. Margaret spurs and leads a belated fight to save them after the Uncles have lost their last battle.
After a postman drowns, Sanya, 8, finds a bag full of letters. A neighbour, Aunt Dasha, reads the letters to anyone willing to listen. Sanya first hears of the lost Arctic expedition that will become Sanya's father. He is accused of a murder based on a knife with the name of "Grigoryev" beside the victim.
Dave Rudman, a London taxi-driver, has a casual sexual encounter with a young woman named Michelle Brodie. The pair do not meet for another seven months until a heavily pregnant Michelle arrives at Dave's flat. They marry, Dave suffers a breakdown, and comes under the care of the psychiatrist Anthony Bohm. Despite discovering that Carl is actually Cal's son, Dave slowly recovers his sanity.
The novel tells the tales of four women, working the graveyard shift at a Japanese bento factory. All four women live hard lives. Yayoi is a thirty-four-year old mother of two small boys. She hates to leave her children home alone to go to work. More than that, she hates the thought of her drunken, gambling husband returning home and hurting them or, more likely, herself.
 Handler is sometimes clear about whether he's speaking about the same people, and sometimes not. In "Immediately," a man leaves his girlfriend and falls in love with his homophobic cabdriver. "Allison" and "Lila" both crop up again as character names repeatedly throughout the book.
Hasidic painter Asher Lev is summoned back to Brooklyn after his uncle's death. He learns that his uncle had secretly been collecting art for many years. One of his cousins bitterly resents the art collection and hampers Asher's efforts to use it for charity. The aging Ladover rebbe has no children and has appointed no successor.
The novel lacks a clear narrative and frequently delves into the surreal. The basic synopsis revolves around journalist Raoul Duke and his attorney, Dr. Gonzo. This leads to a series of bizarre hallucinogenic trips, during which they destroy hotel rooms, wreck cars, and have visions of anthropomorphic desert animals.
Ilana Davita Chandal is the child of a mixed marriage: a Polish Jewish immigrant mother and a Christian father from an old and wealthy New England family. Ilana's early childhood is fraught with mystery and struggle as the neighbors eye the Chandal family with suspicion. When Michael Chandal, already wounded once in the Spanish Civil War, returns to Spain, Ilana begins to look for answers at the local synagogue.
Aku-nna is blossoming, though she is thin and passive, and starts to attract the attention of young men in the neighborhood. Her stepfather Okonkwo, who has ambitions of being made a chief, begins to anticipate a large bride price for her. Meanwhile she has begun to fall for her teacher Chike, who in turn has developed a passion for her and the two elope.
Vera is a barmaid in her father's tavern, which is situated along a road to the prison camps in Siberia. A gang of prisoners stop at the tavern, and Vera recognises her brother Dmitri as one of the prisoners. He begs her to go to Moscow and join the Nihilists, a terrorism group trying to assassinate the Czar, and avenge his imprisonment. Years later, Vera has become the N nihilists' top assassin, and is wanted across Europe.
The novel describes a new weapon system being developed for the US military. A robot, Solo is designed to replace human soldiers in battle. Solo is governed by a neural network computer which is able to learn and think much as a human brain does. The military insist that Solo be told a carefully edited version of world history.
Lindsay Boxer gets a lead on a recent murder of a teenager. She joins Warren Jacobi on a stakeout of a Mercedes. The officers discover two teenagers in their father's car, who are scared and have been hurt. They help them out, but the teens pull guns and both officers are shot. The girl is killed, and the boy is paralyzed for life.
Joseph is a young boy who joins his father in a mind reading act. When a girl named Cassandra, who actually does have second sight, moves into his boarding house, she confesses to Joseph that she is having visions of something terrible happening to President Lincoln. Meanwhile, Joseph befriends John Wilkes Booth, an actor who is appearing in a local production. As the Civil War ends, Cassandra's visions of Lincoln's approaching death grow stronger.
The story is narrated by Asterix. He tells of his early childhood when Obelix was shy, overweight and bullied. Asterix decided to help him by getting him to drink some of Getafix' magic potion when the village men went out to beat up Romans.
The prologue serves as a continuation of Yang Yuncong and Nalan Minghui's story in Saiwai Qixia Zhuan. Nalan is forced to marry the Manchu prince Dodo even though she loves Yang Mulang. He returns to the jianghu under a new alias, "Ling Weifeng", and does a series.
Vladimir Dubrovsky is a young nobleman whose land is confiscated by a greedy and powerful aristocrat. He gathers a band of serfs and goes on the rampage, stealing from the rich and giving to the poor. Along the way he falls in love with Masha, Troekurov's daughter, and lets his guard down.
The Toscano family lives in the village of Aci Trezza in the Province of Catania. The head of the family is Padron Ntoni, a widower, who lives at the house by the medlar tree. The debt from the lupin venture causes the family to become destitute.
The story of twelve-year-old Cosimo Piovasco di Rondò is narrated by his younger brother, Biagio. Set in Liguria near the French Riviera, the two brothers belong to a noble 18th century family. The regions of Italy have not yet united and the Ligurian Coast is not ruled by a legitimate king.
Barbara Mahler and Vernon Tildon were previously involved with one another back in the United States, in 1945. They have sex again, but Barbara has matured, and becomes more interested in Carl, who is younger than she is. The film is set shortly before the arrival of the Chinese.
Stuart Hadley is a young radio-electronics salesman in early 1950s in a town south of San Francisco, California. From drinking to sex to religious fanaticism, Hadley unsuccessfully tries to fill his void. He reacts to his wife's love and kindness of his employer with anxiety and fear rather than acceptance. This is the story of Hadley's descent into depression and madness, and his redemption.
When Professor Godfrey St. Peter and wife move to a new house, he becomes uncomfortable with the route his life is taking. He keeps on his dusty study in the old house in an attempt to hang on to his old life. In the final section, the professor, left alone while his family takes an expensive European tour, narrowly escapes death due to a gas leak in his study; and finds himself strangely willing to die.
In 1953, Joseph Schilling arrives in Pacific Park, Southern California. He establishes a small music shop, and later, Danny and Beth Coombes join him. Mary Ann Reynolds is also interviewed for a position at the shop, but backs off after Schilling touches her. Carleton Tweaney, an African-American lounge singer finds her a new home.
The plot survives only as an index card synopsis from the publisher dated 24 October 1956, after the manuscript had already been rejected one time. In a letter from 1960, the author himself commented on the titular character in an unexpectedly optimistic fashion: "Contact with vile persons does not blight or contaminate or doom the really superior"
Morris tells the story of Ralph of Upmeads, the fourth and youngest son of a minor king. He sets out, contrary to his parents' wishes, to find knightly adventure and seek the Well at the World's End. The magic well will confer near-immortality and strengthened destiny on those who drink from it.
The lives of two couples intertwine in mid-1950s California, and all learn important lessons about life. The shortened title seems more obviously appropriate in that its lack of specificity allows it to do double duty in serving as a metaphor symbolizing the irreversible effects of the various life-altering events that occur within the orbits of the main characters.
The Octagonal Raven is set in the distant future, where nanites are prevalent throughout society. The story follows Daryn Alwyn, the younger son of one of the richest families in the world. He is augmented with nanites, and is a pre-select, or someone whose mental and physical abilities were tuned before birth by DNA manipulation.
In 1944, Virginia Watson and Roger Lindahl meet in Washington DC. They marry after Roger divorces his first wife Teddy and abandons his daughter by her as well. By 1953, Roger has opened a television sales and repair shop. Virginia is trying enroll their 7-year-old son Gregg in an expensive boarding school.
Philip K. Dick's novel was rejected by a publisher in 1958. All we know about it is an index card synopsis in the files of a publisher who rejected the book. In a letter dated 1960, Dick himself commented on the theme of the novel: "This is an odd one, half 'straight' and half science fiction"
Captain Olof Carlsen discovers the true nature of the beings when one of them kills a young man, a reporter whom Carlsen illicitly allowed to view the body. Carlsen joins forces with Dr. Hans Fallada, a scientist researching energy vampirism and longevity, to find the escaped vampire and recapture her. In the course of their investigations they discover that the aliens can transfer from one body to another.
The novel alternates perspectives between H.G. Wells and a character initially identified only as "Stevenson" In the first chapter, Stevenson copulates with a prostitute in a 19th century London alley and then murders her. In the next chapter, Wells is introduced showing off his brand new time machine to a group of men including Stevenson.
The Doctor and Rose travel back in time to London in the year 1924 in a trip to the British Empire Exhibition. They find themselves caught up in the hunt for a mysterious, inhuman murderer. They must solve the mystery before the whole of London is destroyed. They meet a woman who never shows her face; a cat that can return from the dead and people who may not know the truth.
In the aftermath of a global plague, a group of gengineered posthumans are trying to rebuild society by cloning children. The world is divided into two idealogical factions, one believing that humanity's weakness should be improved upon via genetic means. One group led by Champagne and Vashti, in Munich, Germany, is composed entirely of posthuman women. The other, led by Isaac, in Luxor, Egypt, is human.
Inkdeath is the story of the Folcharts, Meggie, Resa, and Mortimer. The author, Fenoglio, gives up writing at the beginning of the book. The plot picks up with the now immortal, but slowly decaying, evil Adderhead, ruler of the southern part of the Inkworld.
John and Philippa have promised their mother, Layla, not to use their djinn powers without consulting her first. When Philippa enters the Djinnverso tournament unbidden events are set into motion and she is framed as a Ayesha, the twins' grandmother. Philippa discovers that the Blue Djinn's powers to be beyond good and evil come from the Garden of Eden's
Dicey Tillerman and her three siblings, James, Maybeth, and Sammy, are now living with their widowed grandmother Abigail Tillerman, or Gram as the children call her. Gram receives letters from the psychiatric hospital in which the children's catatonic mother resides. Dicey is frustrated that Gram will not open up and talk about her past, or their mother's past.
The book begins with a letter from the 82-year-old owner of the journal, now Catherine Hall Onesti, to her great-granddaughter, Catherine. Then the journal begins. Catherine introduces herself as 'aged 13 years, 6 months, 29 days, of Meredith in the state of New Hampshire'
Juan is born into slavery in Seville, Spain in the early 1600s. After the death of his mother when he is just five years old he becomes the pageboy of a wealthy the painter Diego Velazquez. His main job is to help his master with his painting, preparing the colours, washing the brushes, etc. However, Juan learns to paint as well, but since slaves in Spain are not allowed to practice any of the arts, his master cannot teach him how.
Miguel Chavez has dreamed of visiting the Sangre de Cristo Mountains since he was very little. This summer, he is going to work hard and pray until his father and grandfather realize that he is ready to take the trip. His prayers are granted, though ironically - when his older brother is drafted his father needs an extra body and grudgingly allows Miguel to accompany them.
The book is based on the life of the real Amos Fortune, who was born free in Africa in around the year 1695 and who died free in Jaffrey, New Hampshire, in 1801. At-mun, a young African prince, lives a peaceful life until a raid on their village by slavers kills his father, the chief. Now called 'Amos', he is sold to a man named Caleb Copeland, and though the Copeland family do not treat him badly he rejects his slave status.
The novel is a fictionalised biography of the Godolphin Arabian, an ancestor of the modern thoroughbred. The story starts in Morocco, as the fast of Ramadan is ending with the setting sun. Agba feeds Sham on camel's milk and wild honey, promising that someday he will be King of The Wind.
The story takes place in a place called Rabbit Hill, a country crossroads near Danbury, Connecticut. The animal inhabitants are suffering as the house nearby has been abandoned for several years. Then "New Folks" move in to the house. Are the New Folks hunters, or friendly gardeners who will share their crops with the animals?
Adam is an eleven-year-old who wants to become like his father, Roger, and to do so he tries to be the best minstrel in England. At the beginning of the story, Adam and his friend Perkin are in St. Alban's monastery, where they go to an old lady's house to visit Adam's dog, Nick.
Roller Skates opens with the narrator remembering back to a special year in the 1890s. Young Lucinda Wyman arrives at the Misses Peters' home in New York City. The two ladies will care for her during the year of Lucinda's parents' trip to Italy.
Invincible Louisa, subtitled "The Story of the Author of Little Women", opens with Louisa Alcott's birth on a snowy November day in Germantown, Pennsylvania. Her father, Bronson, is portrayed as brilliant but impractical, unable to support his family as a man of the times was expected to.
The widowed Fu Be-be arrives in Chungking with her 13-year-old son Yuin-fah. A letter from a village friend to Tang Yu-shu, a master coppersmith, asks that Young Fu be given an apprenticeship. Because the widow is alone and Young Fu is her only son, he is allowed to complete his apprenticeship while living in a small rented room.
Gay-Neck, or "'Chitra-Griva'', is born to a young owner in India. His parents teach him how to fly, but he soon loses his father in a storm and his mother to a hawk. He becomes so scared by the hawks that he flees and ends up in a lamasery where the Buddhist monks are able to cure him.
The story is told from the viewpoint of Walter Galt, a teenager on the verge of dying from boredom at Genghis Khan High School. Along the way, they help foil the scheme of the world's greatest criminal genius and his gang of trained orangutans.
Norton is a man living in the future. He falls in love with Orlene, a woman who later commits suicide. He is approached by a ghost named Gawain, who offers him the position of Time. Gawain leads Norton to the spot where the future office holder of Time, Norton's predecessor, will pass the hourglass onto Norton.
Niobe has a marriage arranged for her by her parents. Her husband-to-be is a teenage boy named Cedric Kaftan. She considers him too immature for her, but can find no way out of the marriage. Cedric is an aspiring wizard. He learns of a plot to kill his wife Niobe and sets in motion the only way he can save her.
Mym, an Indian prince, defies his father's plans for an arranged marriage, instead joining a traveling circus. He meets Orb, who teaches him to overcome his own handicap of a terrible stutter through song. Through the course of living as Mars, Rapture takes up a life of her own and decides that she does not need him anymore.
Orb, the Aunt of Luna, has the gift of conjuring natural music that emanates from things in nature. She is told that she has been selected to fill the role of Nature, but that a prophecy foretells that she may one day marry Satan. Satan kidnaps Orb and attempts to use magic to compel Orb to marry him.
In For Love of Evil, several scenes from the previous books are shown from Parry's point of view. The Incarnations come to realize at the end that Parry is not truly evil in the traditional sense. He works to facilitate evil on earth because that is a necessary part of the process to determine whether souls belong in Heaven or Hell.
In the seventh novel of the series, three women-the ghost of Jolie, the ghost of Orlene , and a fourteen-year-old drug-addicted prostitute named Vita-try to discover a way to restore Orlene's baby, Gawain II. The three women set out to meet with each of the other seven Incarnations of Day. They conclude that the definitions of Good and Evil used to classify souls as destined for Heaven and Hell are flawed.
The book focuses on the unspoken affair Cristina Innocente is having with the "blue-eyed man" Ever since the incident with the snake, Cristina is scrutinized by the townspeople as a "whore" who is sleeping around while her husband, Mario, is working and sending her money from America. Vittorio, her 7-year-old son, remains oblivious to the entirety of the situation until much later in his life.
Sarah Richardson's life was shattered after the assisted suicide of her mother who was battling a debillitating disease. The shocking tragedy left a grief-stricken teen-aged Sarah with partial amnesia. A familiar voice from her past sends Sarah, now a talented mid-twenties advertising executive, back to her buried past.
The TARDIS takes the Doctor and Rose to the Justicia System &mdash; a prison camp comprising the six planets in that solar system. The pair are separated and trapped in different environments, each determined to escape in their own distinctive style. Are the Slitheen really attempting a takeover of Justicia, or is it something far more sinister?
The book is set following the abortive Martian attack depicted in Fighters from Mars. It is much more devastating and global than in H. G. Wells' The War of the Worlds, though in both works the onslaught is thwarted when the aliens die from bacterial illness. Earth's leaders, including U.S. President William McKinley, Queen Victoria, Kaiser Wilhelm II, and Emperor Mutsuhito plan an attack on Mars.
The novel opens when Kelric Valdoria crash lands on the planet Coba. Coba is one of the many isolated and forgotten planets of the former Ruby Empire. Kelric becomes a member of one of these communes, known as the "Calani" The society of Coba has, for centuries, replaced war and aggression with competition in Quis.
In a world where daring to dream is a crime, the Doctor sides with a pirate television station that is trying to foment rebellion. However, he begins to discover that things are not as simple as that, and dreams can easily become nightmares. It seems an easy enough position to take &mdash.
The 33 Strategies of War contains successful military principles from a range of cultures and eras that are often applied to 21st century situations. The book is divided into five parts: Self-Directed Warfare, Organizational Warfare, Defensive Warfare, Offensive Warfare and Unconventional Warfare. The 33 strategies are: # Declare War on Your Enemies: The Polarity Strategy.
Marquez starts his novella in medias res, that is, in the middle of things. The story changes narrators at many points with an omniscient narrator always being present. Leaf Storm also demonstrates several other techniques identified with Magical Realism such as manipulation of time and use of multiple perspectives.
Donald Ross is a young Scottish pilot with bush-flying experience in Canada. He is hired by an Oxford don, Cyril Lockwood, to pilot an air survey mission of Greenland. Lockwood's interest is in the early Viking seafarers and their exploits. The technical details of a trans-Atlantic flight of this period are accurate. The type of aircraft is a fictional radial-engined floatplane.
Power describes Raphael Lemkin's efforts to lobby for U.S. action against Nazi atrocities in Europe. Lemkin brought genocide to the forefront of foreign policy issues, leading to the 1948 U.N. Convention on the Prevention and Punishment of the Crime of Genocide. She shows how Senator William Proxmire and President Ronald Reagan worked to gain support for the ratification.
A Naval cruiser sinks in mysterious circumstances in the North Sea all aboard are lost. Rose is saddened to learn that the brother of her friend, Keisha, was among the dead. And yet he appears to them as a ghostly apparition, begging to be saved.
On a planet where no modern technology works, the Doctor and Rose become involved in a quest for a lost treasure. The Resurrection Casket is supposedly the key to eternal life. But the TARDIS has stopped working too...  The Doctor is on a mission to find out why.
The Doctor and Rose Tyler are preparing to enjoy a visit to Earth's Moon when they discover that the TARDIS has, on its own volition, taken them instead to a small seaside town in present-day England. In this town, the dead shell of a Dalek has been discovered by archaeologists in 1st century Roman ruins on the site of a decommissioned Cold War-era military bunker. The Doctor finds himself at the dig where he befriends one of the archaeologists and attempts to disarm the dead creature.
The War in 2020 takes place in a future dystopia dominated by an alliance of Japan, South Africa and militant Islamic states. It describes the attempts by the United States to defend the remnants of the Soviet Union against attacks by the Japanese alliance. The novel's protagonist, George Taylor, is an air cavalry captain commanding an Apache gunship squadron.
Gösta Berling is a deposed minister, who has been saved by the Mistress of Ekeby from freezing to death. Thereupon he becomes one of her pensioners in the manor at Eke by. As the pensioners finally get power in their own hands, they manage the property as they themselves see fit.
Officer Buckle is assigned to take a police dog named Gloria to his safety speech at the local school. Gloria does tricks imitating the safety tip demonstrating safety rules, and Gloria is a big success. Officer Buckle enjoys the fame until he sees on a taped speech that the schoolchildren are so enthusiastic because of Gloria.
The Last Pilgrimage is the second part of a two-part series on Oliver Alden. The first part recalls Oliver's journey around the world with Mario. The next part occurs in 1914 at the start of World War I. Oliver again proposes to adopt Jim's bastard son.
Benjamin Button is born with the physical appearance of a 70-year-old man, already able to speak. At the age of 18, Benjamin enrolls in Yale College but is sent home by officials. In 1880, Benjamin is 20, his father gives him a control of Roger Button & Co. Wholesale Hardware. He meets Hildegarde Moncrief, a daughter of General Monc Brief, and falls in love with her.
As youths in Azusa, Vinnie, Carter, and Rosie pull off a racing scam, substituting winners for plodders and winning big bucks on long odds. When an official uncovers the scam, they set him up for blackmail. The story jumps ahead for twenty years, when Carter andRosie are married, successful racers in Kentucky, who are about to sell their prize stallion, Simpatico.
This book follows the exploits of John "Jack Shandy" Chandagnac, who travels to the new world after the death of his puppeteer father. During the voyage he gets to know a woman named Beth Hurwood and her father Benjamin Hurwood, an Oxford professor. The reader discovers a sinister plot being concocted by the professor involving his dead wife, his living daughter, the Fountain of Youth, and Blackbeard.
Sidney Bruhl, an accomplished writer, has had a series of box office flops and is having trouble writing the next play. When he reads a play by Clifford Anderson, a younger writer, he decides to steal the script and kill him. Sidney wraps Clifford's body in a rug and discusses how he plans to take credit for Clifford's play.
Matt Cruse has been stationed on the Flotsam, an old cargo ship. All Airship Academy students are assigned a training vessel for two weeks. During one trip, the ship flies through the Devil's Fist, a permanent storm in the Indian Ocean. A vessel, drifting at 20,000 feet, is suddenly spotted from the crow's nest. Captain Tritus deduces that it is the Hyperion, a long-lost ship built for billionaire Theodore Grunel.
The Meg Rosoff written young adult novel How I Live Now has been made into a film by Director Kevin Macdonald. Saoirse Ronan plays the role of Daisy, with George MacKay as Edmond, Tom Holland as Isaac and Harley Bird as Piper. The film is currently in post production and is set for a 2013 release.
Arlian has discovered how to kill the dragons, he now faces an all-out war between dragons and humans. He gives dragon venom to his wife who is carrying a child. She becomes a dragonheart and her baby becomes a god. To protect the new born god Arlian battles the dragons killing the three dragons who killed his family and turned him into a dragon heart.
Edward and Lavinia Chamberlayne are separated after five years of marriage. She leaves Edward just as they are about to host a cocktail party at their London home. A mysterious Unidentified Guest at the party turns out to be a psychiatrist. They each learn that they have been deceiving themselves and must face life's realities.
The book begins two years after the Last Days. Ben lives with a callous man named Greg, who uses Ben's powers, which he calls "the Call", to attract game for hunting. Ben decides to return to Sydney, where he once lived with his parents. The gang takes Ben to Taronga Park Zoo, which houses another gang of survivors and is guarded by tigers and other predators.
Sally Jupp is found to have died of manual strangulation by a right-handed person. She is secretly married to James Ritchie, who returns to England after her death. Eleanor Maxie eventually confesses to the murder of Sally Jupp after Dalgliesh reveals everyone's movements on the night.
The Brothers is a story of two valleys, Gleann Gleatharan, ruled by Cinnfhail of Dun Gorm, and Gleann Fiach ruled by Sliabhin of Dun Mhor. Separating the two valleys is a Sidhe-wood, which Dun Gorman respectfully keeps out of, but in which Dun MHor defiantly hunts. SliAbhin is also cursed by the Sidhe for committing fratricide, killing his older brother Gaelan to seize Dun M Hor and his queen, Moralach.
The plot focuses on the homeless character 'Wizard' and his battle with a malignant force from his forgotten past. In order to survive, Wizard must rely on his powerful gift of 'Knowing' This allows him to know the truth of things, to receive fortunes and to reveal to people the answers to their troubles.
A fleet of Alary has captured a small but deadly scout of an unknown civilization. Its pilot was killed, but without a doubt it was a human being. Studying the memory of the scout showed that another civilization had transferred its planetary system to a region of space close by. The Strong races would destroy it to prevent its possible alliance with a biologically-identical race.
Singer/dancer Joey Evans, a charming "heel" with big plans, schemes to get his own nightclub. Based on original 1940 book ;Act I In Chicago in the late 1930s, Joey auditions for an emcee job at a second-rate nightclub. Joey meets young and naïve Linda English outside a pet shop.
The story's narrator is a writer who works as a fact checker for a high-brow magazine. By night, he is a cocaine using party-goer seeking to lose himself in the hedonism of the 1980s yuppie party scene. The novel would go on to be the source material for the 1988 film Bright Lights, Big City.
The Sinner involves Detective Jane Rizzoli and a main character new to the series, medical examiner Dr. Maura Isles. When a young novice nun about to take vows is found murdered in the abbey's summer chapel, Isles is immediately called to the scene. When another body is found, mutilated beyond recognition, it is soon discovered that there is more to these killings than meets the eye.
The novel follows the journeys of three young European boys represented in a circa 1913 or 1914 photograph by August Sander. Two parallel narratives, one in the voice suspected to be the author, offer contemporary perspectives and illustrate the interconnectedness of events. These voices provide contemporary perspectives on technology -- the major theme of the novel.
At the beginning of the book, Bourne is in Doctor Sunderland's office. Sunderland, recommended by Lindros, is a specialist in memory restoration and miniaturization. Unfortunately for Bourne, he doesn't know that this man posing is Fadi. Unwittingly Bourne brings Cevik out of his prison cage to take a walk with him in an attempt to extract more information. Bourne then realizes the car is rigged to explode.
Brenda Martin was the victim of a carjacking near Armstrong, Illinois. Her four-year-old son Cody was in the backseat of the car. She describes the assailant as being a young black man with a shaved head and scary eyes. The novel ends with a funeral for Cody, followed soon after by Brenda's suicide.
Karigan G'ladheon, a merchant's daughter, is cast out of her school in Selium by Dean Geyer following a duel in which she bested a wealthy aristocrat. Running away from the shame of her expulsion, she travels into the forest called the Green Cloak. She meets a Green Rider who is dying with two black arrows protruding from his back. The Green Rider makes Karigan swear to carry a message to Sacor City for the 'love of her country'
The four children are brought to Winding Circle Temple in Emelan, where they do not fit in. The four learn they have magic, which none of them knew about. They each grow closer together and stronger in their magic. Near the end of the book, a big earthquake comes, having gained power by bouncing off the walls of a crystal used in an attempt to trap it.
The novel revolves around the legend of Atlantis, mentioned as an ancient city or continent which was drowned by the sea due to divine intervention. The novel is narrated by Headley who first writes a letter to his friend Sir John Talbot. On his subsequent rescue, he completes his story giving details on his escape and how they fought off the Devil himself.
Alex rescues a boy who had swum out too far. This gets him invited in, and he makes the acquaintance of Duke's ex-wife. They flirt, and when a rendezvous is arranged, the killer shows up and shoots Cheryl. Alex is saved by Lauren's brother, Ben Dugger.
The book centers around Byzantine Emperor Justinian II and is told through the ideas of a fictional soldier named Myakes. The book follows Justinian's time before and after taking the throne, as well as his overthrow, mutilation and exile in the Crimea, his subsequent return to power and quest for revenge.
Lawyer Walter Stackhouse has suffered as a result of his neurotic, unstable wife Clara. After he becomes infatuated with the sweet and sensuous music teacher Ellie Briess, Clara jealously attempts suicide via an overdose. When Clara subsequently turns up dead, having fallen off a cliff during a bus trip to see her dying mother, Walter finds himself blundering around in the dark as the official investigation ensues.
Josh Swensen is an articulate teen whose dream is to change the world. He creates his own website which he calls "The Gospel According to Larry" because Larry was the most un-biblical name he could think of. Josh only has 75 possessions counting all clothes, underwear, school supplies, recreational equipment, software and the keys to his step-father's house.
The novel tells the story of Richard Lamb, a young Englishman who marries a teenage Argentinian girl, Paquita. Lamb leaves his young wife with a relative while he sets off for eastern Uruguay to find work for himself. He soon becomes embroiled in adventures with the Uruguayan gauchos and romances with local women.
Tris is a young girl who lives in Winding Circle with her three friends. As the book begins and progresses, Tris hears voices on the wind telling her seemingly useless bits of information. Tris's cousin Aymer Tris realizes that there is a huge invisible magic box coming slowly toward Winding circle.
Lauren Kline is a medical resident at San Francisco Memorial Hospital. She was in a serious auto accident and went into a coma. She "woke" to awareness outside of her still comatose body. She is discovered by Arthur, the man who took over renting the place. After some initial disbelief on his part, they fall in love.
The play takes place in three bedrooms during one night and the following morning. The cast consists of four married couples. At the beginning of the play, the oldest couple, Delia and Ernest, are getting ready to go out for a meal. Malcolm and Kate, the youngest, are about to host a housewarming party.
The novel begins with David moving to a new house at the base of some beautiful mountains. Upon reaching the summit, he encounters the brash Phoenix. At first they are frightened of each other, as Phoenix had been chased by a Scientist for several weeks. The Phoenix decides that he should educate David about the various legendary creatures in the world-to round out his knowledge.
Hieronim Berbelek was once a powerful strategos. He was defeated by one of the kratistoses, known as the Warlock. His Form and spirit were broken, reduced to those of a lowly merchant. A chain of events sets him off on a journey - first to Africa, and later into many new lands.
Stet tells the life story of a visionary Soviet filmmaker named Stet who lives through Stalin's repressions. The novel is narrated in a "Russian" voice, by an ostensible third-person narrator. The tone of the book is black humor, and often entirely pessimistic. Yet the character of the filmmaker Stet seems to give the reader an alternative to the pessimism of the narrator.
Alinsky: Any revolutionary change must be preceded by a passive, affirmative, non-challenging attitude toward change. According to Alinsky, the organizer - especially a paid organizer from outside - must first overcome suspicion and establish credibility. An organizer has to attack apathy and disturb the prevailing patterns of complacent community life.
Jack Frusciante Has Left the Band tells the story of the relationship between Alex, a 17 year old rebel, and Aidi, a girl who enters his life out of the blue. Alex falls for her, and later asks her to be his girlfriend. She begins behaving increasingly coldly to him until she states that she doesn't want any relationship.
Gopal Kumar, the son of a hair oil tycoon in Madhya Pradesh, arrives in America to study chemical engineering in a university in Eversville. Being a rural boy, he is singularly a virgin. Randy Wolff, his designated buddy attempts to introduce him to the dating culture of the USA, which Gopal resists at first.
Diensen and Lady Heronden join forces to find their errant partners and get them back. They succeed, but are not glad to have done so because they have fallen in love with each other. At the end of the play, they elope together.  The date is 1873.
Roger Carr is sent to Nice, France on a job by one of his wealthy political connections to find and secure the purchase of a Villa. Little does he know that this cushy assignment is going to put him in the middle of an arms deal investigation. Both sides mistake him for someone else-an American assassin-and neither side can understand why Carr is ignoring them.
Harold Barnaby is a brilliant Egyptologist who has discovered a hidden message while translating some hieroglyphics. The message tells of an unnamed Pharaoh whose tomb hasn't been discovered yet. He doesn't have the knowledge, influence or wherewithal to pull off such a job without alerting the Egyptian authorities. Luckily, Barnaby meets Robert Pierce, a transient freelance writer who is in between jobs and looking for some excitement.
The story revolves around the brief freedom experienced by a small pride of captive lions. The lions escape from Baghdad Zoo during the 2003 invasion of Baghdad by the U.S.-led coalition. As the lions roam the streets of Baghdad trying to survive, each lion comes to embody a different viewpoint regarding the Iraq War.
Jim Button is a black baby who is adopted by the islanders of Morrowland. Jim and Luke travel to the Dragon City, located in Sorrowland, to confront Mrs. Grindtooth. They convert Emma into a makeshift ship and sail off the island in the night, eventually arriving at the coast of China.
Polly O'Keefe is spending the autumn with her maternal grandparents, Dr. Kate Murry and Dr. Alex Murry. She is suddenly transported to the past, where she learns that Tav wants to offer Polly in blood sacrifice in order to avert a drought. Polly and Zach are drawn through a time gate and trapped in ancient Connecticut.
Ramona Quimby gets to ride the bus to Cedarhurst Primary, where she and her fellow third graders will be the biggest kids in the school. The best part of being in third grade is Sustained Silent Reading. When Ramona cracks a hard boiled egg on her head at lunch, she ends up in the secretary's office with a head full of raw egg.
Kate Malone, a preacher's daughter and high school student, aspires to attend the Massachusetts Institute of Technology. Throughout the novel Anderson makes extensive references to the periodic table of elements. All of these become catalysts propelling self-centered, arrogant Kate to change. The novel is published by Simon & Schuster at $16.99.
René, a desperately unhappy young Frenchman, seeks refuge among the Natchez people of Louisiana. It is a long time before he is persuaded to reveal the cause of his melancholy. He tells of his lonely childhood in his father's castle in Brittany. His sister Amélie inexplicably seems to avoid him too.
Capt. Robin Weinbaum of Earth Security submits to a request for an interview from Dana Lje, a video commentator. Ms. Lje reveals that she has received a communication from an outfit calling itself "Interstellar Information Ltd." The communication alleges that there is a new device aboard the ship, and gives the name of the device.
The White Bear takes Rose to a distant castle, where each night she is confronted with a mystery. In solving that mystery, she loses her heart, discovers her purpose, and realizes her travels have only just begun. Rose has always felt out of place in her family, a wanderer in a bunch of homebodies. So when an enormous white bear mysteriously shows up and asks her to come away with him, she readily agrees.
Gracie knows when bad things are about to happen. Or sometimes when they have already happened. She begged her mother not to leave for a trip that ended with her dying. Now, living in Washington with her aunt Shay, Gracie has visions that involve her best friend Emily.
Vanyel Ashkevron, age 16, is the heir to a great estate, Forst Reach. He is devoted to music and cultivating an elegant appearance. He develops feelings for Tylendel Frelennye, one of Savil's protégés. They become lovers and later find they are lifebonded, that is, soulmates.
Travis is a tough kid living in a big city. When he comes home to find his stepfather cramming the fireplace with his writing, Travis assaults him with a fireplace poker. Travis' stepfather refuses to allow the book to be published without his prior approval. Travis is sent to live with his paternal uncle.
The book opens with Herald-Mage Vanyel returning to his country Valdemar from an extensive campaign along the border with Karse, the neighboring enemy country. The story follows the adventures of the Remoerdis family in Lineas, a country ruled by a family of mages.
The story begins with the last four Herald-Mages creating a magic barrier around their nation of Valdemar. King Randale is dying of a mysterious ailment. A young bard named Stefen is discovered in the Bardic Collegium. He has the unusual ability to block pain with his music.
This story is retold by Rudy Panko from Foma Grigorievich, the sexton of the Dikanka church. Foma's grandfather used to live in an old village that no longer exists. There lived a Cossack named Korzh, his daughter Pidorka and his worker Petro.
"Dracula's Guest" follows an Englishman on a visit to Munich before leaving for Transylvania. It is Walpurgis Night, and in spite of the hotelier's warning to not be late back, the young man later leaves his carriage and wanders toward the direction of an abandoned "unholy" village.
A jazz fiction novel set in a world of speakeasies, big bands, and the Harlem Renaissance. loosely based on the life of the great cornet player Bix Beiderbecke who died of alcoholism in 1931 at the age of 28. It tells the story of Rick Martin, a tormented genius from childhood until his death at age 30.
The Wheels of Chance was written at the height of the cycling craze. The advent of the bicycle stirred sudden and profound changes in the social life of England. Even the working class could travel substantial distances, quickly and cheaply. The very idea of travelling for pleasure became a possibility for thousands of people for the first time.
The protagonist is the engineer Zopyros of Tarentum, a follower of the Pythagorean philosophical school. He is drafted into Syracuse's war effort against Carthage by the tyrant Dionysios, creator of the first military ordnance department known to history. The historical Battle of Motya of 399 BC is a major event in the novel.
A highly-placed agent in East Germany codenamed "Brahms Four" wants to come to the West. Bernard Samson, a former field agent, is tasked to undertake the crucial rescue. But even before Samson sets out on his mission, he is confronted with undeniable evidence that there is a traitor among his colleagues.
Part 1 is further subdivided into three chapters - 1) Victoria's ghosts 2) The Poor Eat Their Homes 3) Gunboats and Messiahs. In this section Davis writes about the drought that occurred in the various parts of the British empire in the 1870s. Part 2 deals with the impact of the colonial famine policy and its effects on colonial subjects.
The story opens a year into this service as danger is threatening the kingdom of Sacoridia. Karigan has visions of the First Rider, Lil Ambriodhe, who is the long-dead founder of the troop. Mornhavon the Black possesses Karigan at the end of the book.
The Five Find Outers - Fatty, Larry, Daisy, Pip and Bets - are together again in the school holidays. They decide to practice disguising themselves and shadowing people. Larry dresses up as a window cleaner, and unexpectedly the five children come across a robbery at a house in Holly Lane.
The Sinister Secret of Saltmarsh can be played by five to ten characters of 1st&ndash;3rd levels. The module includes optional pre-generated first level characters for use by the players. The scenario is the first of the Underwater series of modules set in Saltm Marsh.
In the Beauty of the Lilies is a 1996 epic by John Updike. It charts the fortunes of an American family through some 80 years. The author showed how dreams, habits and predilections are handed down generation to generation, parent to child. In her apprasial of the work New York Times critic Michiko Kakutani wrote: "Mr. Updikes created a kaleidoscopic portrait of this country"
The eponymous heroine, Isabel Thorne, is a young woman, half British, half Italian. Her brother, an inventor, has devised a secret weapon by which missiles can be fired from submarines. Members of the U.S. Secret Service are assigned to prevent the signing of this "Latin compact"
Ramona Quimby is growing up. She and Beezus manage to convince their parents to let them stay home alone together after school for one week to see how it goes. Aunt Bea and Howie's Uncle Hobart get engaged, and beezus and Ramona are to be maids of honor. By the time baby Roberta arrives, Ramona realizes "She was winning at growing up"
The story picks up where Shaman's Crossing left off. The Gernian Cavalla Academy is recovering from the devastating effects of Speck plague, a disease causing severe dysentery. Nevare continues to have dreams about a seductive Speck woman whom he fought to stop the plague epidemic in the dreamworld.
When diplomacy fails, the United States must respond militarily if anything is to be done. Plans to do so are frustrated by infighting within Congress, the Pentagon, and elsewhere. When the novel ends, the U.S. has failed to respond and the Soviets have consolidated their hold.
The essays in the book fall into three general categories, dealing with ancient civilizations, occult-related subjects, and pseudoscience in general. Anecdotes from history and de Camp's travels to some of the locales he writes about pepper the narrative. Discussions of Bronze Age Troy and the ancient Sudanese civilization of Kush counter romantic speculations.
The body of a murdered woman is discovered in a New York apartment. Her luxurious buttocks have been thoroughly searched, and expensive clothes are lying around. Chief Inspector David Brewer knows that the victim lived on the edge of legality. In a previous life, she was a stripper and the owner of a night club.
Jessica is a tomboy raised to be her father's son to help out on the farm. Her older sister Meg is very much her mother's daughter. It is Meg's and their mother's mission for Meg to seduce Jack Thomas. Billy Simple is the son of Jack's mother and two sisters. He is the sole friend of Jack and Jessica. Billy kills Jack's family because of their constant taunting.
James Baldon comes home from a party late at night and is not able to open the front door of his apartment. The reason: a dead man is blocking his entrance. When it is discovered that the body was moved after being shot, everybody in the building turns out to have an alibi.
Nissim Cordanu is going to organise a dinner for ten people at his house. Walter Reyder, head of the Hamburg Police research force, is oblivious when he is almost struck by Nissim's car. When it is announced that a very special hypnosis act will be performed at the party, Reyder decides that it is not yet time to reveal his true identity.
The book begins with Tom binding a Ripper in Horshaw. Although he is successful, the Ripper's victim, Father Gregory, the Spook's brother, dies from shock. The Spook goes to Priestown to pay his respects and to finally deal with an ancient demon locked in the catacombs under the city. The demon, also known as the Bane, has already bested the Spooks once and has since grown in power.
Tom and the Spook move to Anglezarke, the Spooks winter house. Tom has heard it will be a sinister and menacing place. The Spook has been keeping Meg drugged so she wouldn't harm the other inhabitants. Trouble arises at the Hursts and Tom and the spook have to face a rock throwing spirit.
'Rangergirl' focuses on Marzipan "Marzi" McCarty, who is an art major dropout from UC Santa Cruz. In her comic book, Rangergirl takes on a more surreal western environment. The film is about a group of friends who go into the unknown to find out how to destroy the Outlaw.
A mysterious Catherine Howkins warns Honoré Lechasseur that Emily Blandish is about to die. Can he prevent her death? At the same time, the Albino, a gangster operating in post-rationing London, has also taken an interest in Emily.
Honoré Lechasseur, a "fixer" with time-sensitive abilities, is hired by Emily Blandish to find someone known only as the Doctor. He soon discovers that the Doctor is a legendary figure that has drifted in and out of Earth's history. As he follows the trail of the Doctor, questions arise.
Joe Mackatozi is a Native American man who escapes from captivity in Siberia. The success of his subsequent foot travel across Siberia to the Bering Strait is dependent on his Native American hunting, tracking, and evasion skills. It is mentioned several times in the text that these skills were learned by his people, and taught to each generation across thousands of years.
The novel has 18 "books," just as the Mahabharata has 18 books and the Battle of Kurukshetra lasted for 18 days. Ved Vyas compares his memoir to The Autobiography of an Unknown Indian Pandu suffers a "massive coronary"
The novel begins in December 1940 with the return of Sergeant Nick Penny to his home in an unnamed West Country port town. Penny is contacted once again by Coral Kennedy, a young woman whom he met during the failed effort to smuggle out the Regent and the jewels. Once again involved with the resistance, Penny assists in a number of their operations.
The novel revolves around two main characters: Anthony Malone and Andrew Sutherland. The "dance" of the novel's title becomes a metaphor for their lives. Malone is described as preternaturally beautiful; much of the plot concerns Sutherland's efforts to leverage Malone's beauty by "marrying" him to a young millionaire.
Emily Blandish has been murdered by an unknown assailant. When Honoré Lechasseur turns up to see the body, he is surprised to be met by Emily Blandish. They soon find themselves embroiled in a revolutionary plot stretching into their own futures, with the freedom of the entire world at stake.
The Sixth Doctor and Peri find themselves stranded on an alien world that is mostly covered by water. Peri is swallowed by an alien life-form intent on making her its god. The Doctor manages to make it to shore, where he has to work out a way to save Peri, the TARDIS and himself.
Set in the year 2031, Heavy Weather depicts a world where mankind has unbalanced the world's ecosystem. Powerful storms routinely leave trails of devastation in their wake. Alex Unger, a young man suffering from numerous medical problems, is liberated from an illegal Mexican clinic by his sister Janey.
First Among Sequels is the first part of a new four-part Thursday Next series. The title is a parody of First Among Equals, which is the title of a best-selling Jeffrey Archer novel. It also comes from the English translation of the Latin phrase primus inter pares.
After her mother gets re-married, Kit is forced to attend Madame Duret's Blackwood Boarding School. Kit originally planned to attend with her best friend, Tracy, but Tracy wasn't accepted despite having better grades. The place is far out in the country and upon glimpsing the restored ancient building, Kit feels something dark emanating from the school. She is further disturbed to find that her room only locks from the outside.
Sarah Zoltanne is an extra ordinary girl. Her widowed mother, Rosemary, decides to move to Pinecrest because of Ted Thompson. Eric Garrett convinces Sarah to play a fortune teller at the fortune telling booth. Sarah uses an old paperweight that belonged to her departed parternal grandmother as her crystal ball.
German soldiers and SS Einsatzkommandos alike are being slowly killed off in a mysterious castle high in the Carpathian Mountains of Romania in April 1941. A Jewish History Professor living in Bucharest, Theodore Cuza, and his daughter Magda, are collected and delivered to the keep in a desperate effort by SS Sturmbannfuhrer Eric Kaempffer to find out what it is that is murdering the men and put a stop to it by any means necessary. The professor is useful in translating a mysterious message that has been written in blood on a wall of the keep. He is also tasked with finding a method of defeating the unknown evil that is wreaking havoc.
Rasalom is a clone of Glaeken who was killed in a castle keep in Romania in the Spring of 1941. Rasalom has opportunistically entered the body of a clone that grows within a woman hired by the scientist in charge of a project seeking to create a genetically enhanced super-soldier. The wife Carol acquires one chief protector in the form of a lifelong sociopath and occasional murdering psychopath known as Jonah Stevens.
Rasalom returns in reincarnated form to transform the Earth into unrelenting hell. The only one who can possibly stop the horror is Glaeken, an enfeebled old warrior who has battled the Adversary across the millennia. The raw materials are finally gathered together and then forged into a new power-sword by a peculiar collection of specialists.
Kinukawa Kotoe fell into the clutches of Spooky E, who had been hiding there since his defeat by Boogiepop. Kinukawa and some of her hired thugs managed to find Tan Orihata had not returned since they last met. Suema arrived at Paisley Park to again find that everything had already finished.
The Keep had stood empty in the Transylvanian Alps for some 500 years. No one knew who built it, or why. But on the eve of World War II, German soldiers moved in and awoke something-something hungry& something more merciless than the SS einsatzkommandos accompanying them.
The novel alternates between two voices: the first Carthew Yorsten, a Texan realtor accompanied by his two sons. The second, the voice of the author writing the story while having breakfast at a restaurant atop a Paris skyscraper. Each chapter, averaging three pages a piece, represents one minute from 8.30 am - just before the time the building is hit at 8:46am - to 10.29, just after its collapse at 10:28am.
The novel is set in Florida in the near future. China and the United States are sending competing first missions to Mars, although it is clear the Chinese will arrive first. The book's protagonist is Manny Garcia, a teenager who is fascinated by space flight. The four teenagers form the crew with Travis Broussard, a former astronaut who was forced to retire in disgrace.
The plot of Red Hand of Doom follows a group of adventurers who have entered the Elsir Vale, a thinly populated frontier region. The party uncovers and then is placed in the position of stopping a massive hobgoblin horde. To stop the horde, the players have to muster the inhabitants of the Vale, battle hobgoblins, giants, and dragons.
The novel is divided into three parts. Part 1, which is centred on Brenda, starts off by showing Brenda in the role of a mother of three children. Part 2 shows the intensifying of the fear among the prostitutes. Part 3 is the climax of the novel as it leads to Jean's identification and killing of the serial killer.
Honoré Lechasseur and Emily Blandish become embroiled in the endgame of a plot which began a generation ago. While Emily encounters their chronicler, the elderly science-fiction novelist Erik Clevedon, Honoré is pitched against his will into an unimaginably distant future.
Clara and Theodore Wieland's father was a German immigrant who founded his own religion. The novel was based on the true story of murders which took place at Tomhannock, New York in 1781. Charles Brockden Brown's novels were very influential in the later development of the Gothic genre.
At age 13, Bobbie leaves the violent, abusive home where he was raised. He has an older girlfriend, carries a gun, takes drugs, and is on an ever-tightening spiral to hell. The plot, which highlights Bobbie's increasing dependence on the highs of violence, is not pointless.
Gracie and Daniel live on the island of Bryher in the Isles of Scilly at the beginning of World War I. Their parents warn them not to go to near the Birdman, who lives on the south side of the island. The Birdman turns out to be friendly and they begin a secret friendship with the old man.
The story begins in China, 1800, when the Doctor and his companions arrive in their time machine, the TARDIS, at the English Trade Concession in Canton. A relic, previously thought harmless becomes active and transports his companions into the future. The Doctor tracks them to 1900, where the descendents of an English merchant from 1800 have gathered. One of these is a man called Carnacki, who helps the Doctor investigate a series of strange murders in the house.
Regeane is a half-Saxon and half-Frankish woman whose father, Wolfstan, died because of her mother, Gisela. When Regeane experiences her first sign of adulthood, she changes into this beautiful silver wolf. Unknown to her, the gray wolf whom she desires is Maeniel, her future husband and lord.
The book begins with Elansa Sungold going to the border to heal a group of trees with her Blue Phoenix. When they reach further into the forest, they are ambushed by goblins, which were hired by human brigands. The elves are forced to "mop up" the goblins. A goblin "turncoat" decides to help the elves, and with his help the locate all of the weapon caches.
Nearly all reviewers of the book mention the Byzantine nature of the plot. Louis Menand in The New Yorker gives a simple description. As to the multitude of plot dead-ends, pauses and confusing episodes that return to continue much later in the narrative, Menand writes: "The text exceeds our ability to keep everything in our heads, to take it all in at once"
Molly is trying to fit in her new life as the daughter of a billionaire , but things aren't going so well. Her mother is depressed about losing her 11 years of her life to hypnotism. Molly tries to help her but is soon subjected to the mystery of her missing pug. While looking she is hypnotised and taken to another time.
A group of bored wealthy women begin dabbling in ancient satanic rituals, unaware that their rites are actually working. The beast of pure evil, Golem100, is raised each time the group practices their ritual, embarking on a rampage of rape, torture and murder. The demon is tracked through the physical and spirit worlds.
Dame Elspeth's husband Simon had fallen in the battle of Pinkie. The hospitality of her lonely tower had been sought by the widow of the Baron of Avenel. Father Eustace had been intimate friends with the sub-prior at college. Edward confessed his jealousy of his brother, and his resolution to become a monk.
An alien weapon attacks Earth, unleashing energies that kills millions across two continents. A second such rumoured weapon could destroy the planet. The 'Enterprise' accepts a contingent of 'MACOS', Military Assault Command Operations personnel, and track down the source of the alien attack.
In the future, a band of immortals have only one requirement for membership: don't die. At the same time, the world's scientists are collaborating to bring together a supercomputer named Extro. Extro instead seizes control of Dr. Guess, leaving the Immortals and Guess's nearest friends to grapple with the heart and mind of a malevolent machine.
The book seems, in both style and perspective, to have been written well before that. Beautiful model Julene Krebs attracts the attentions of both a high-powered advertising executive and a prominent research scientist. Bester offers what is presumably intended as satirical commentary on the advertising industry in general and TV commercials in particular.
In Molly Moon Stops The World, Molly Moon is having the good life after using the money she earned in New York to fix up the orphanage. At the start of the book, Davina Nuttel, a famous child actress, and Molly Moon's rival, gets kidnapped by Primo Cell. Molly travels to Los Angeles, California and finds out her large diamond that she wears around her neck enables her to stop time.
The Living and the Dead opens in London's Victoria Station. Elyot Standish bids farewell to his younger sister Eden in a manner that is not particularly emotional or final. Catherine marries Willy Standish and bears him two children, but separates some years afterwards due to Willy's infidelity. Catherine, living on the dwindling remnants of pre-war affluence, struggles to relate to her children.
Pyrrhus lives in the city with his housemate Leucon. One day he hears his father Achilles has left him some inheritance in Troy. On the ship, he sleeps with Corythus, a sailor. He soon learns he needs to seduce Philoctetes and get his arrow for a prophecy to come true.
The first part of the book is set in Flint, Michigan, with the narrator, Kenny, introducing his family, the "Weird Watsons". His family includes his dad, his mom, older brother Byron and younger sister Joetta, nicknamed Joey. The family decides Byron should live with his Grandma Sands in Alabama for the Summer and if things don't work out he'll stay there for the next school year. It is, however, when the grandmother's church is bombed that the family decides to return home, with Byron.
Malik Solanka, a Cambridge-educated millionaire from Bombay, is looking for an escape from himself. At first he escapes from his academic life by immersing himself into a world of miniatures. However, dissatisfaction with the rising popularity of "Little Brain" serves to ignite deeper demons within Solanka's life.
The spinship Helix has not yet reached a suitable destination when it receives a distress signal from a binary star system. Four of the five shipboard AI decide that the call is worth investigating. The AIs awaken certain crewmembers, and together they enter the system. They are greeted by hundreds of thousands of space-adapted Ousters. They importune the Helix to save their civilization from an enormous and ancient harvester spaceship.
The Bears' Famous Invasion of Sicily is the story of a group of bears living in the mountains on the island of Sicily. One year a harsh winter descends upon them, eliminating the majority of their food sources. Driven by hunger, the bears descend the mountain to avoid starvation. The bear king, Leander, also has a personal motive for going: years ago, humans kidnapped his son Tony.
Heisuke Sugita is devastated when his wife and daughter are involved in a bus accident. Naoko, his wife, dies and his 11-year-old daughter Monami is badly injured. Monami makes a miraculous recovery- albeit, with one small twist- her personality and memories are that of her mother Naoko's.
Greg Kenton is a 6th-grader with considerable talent, but whose greatest talent is as an entrepreneur. His newest business, Chunky Comics, is successful, until long-time rival and business competitor, Maura Shaw, distributes mini books of her own. Eventually, the two come together to form a partnership, and also friendship.
The Summer of the Beautiful White Horse is narrated by nine-year-old Aram Garoghlanian, a member of an Armenian community living among the lush fruit orchards and vineyards of California. One morning Aram is awakened before dawn by his 13- year-old cousin Mourad, who is thought to be demented by everyone except Aram, and has a way with animals. Aram has always wanted to ride a horse, but his family is too poor to afford one.
Caprona is a city-state in the Italy of Chrestomanci's world, which was never united as a nation-state. The city is said to be losing its "virtue," a process which Chrestomonci blames on the malevolent influence of a mysterious enemy enchanter. Florence, Siena, and Pisa aim to capitalize on this weakness by uniting against Caprona in an attempt to conquer it.
The story is about a cricket named Chester from Connecticut who gets caught on a commuter train heading for New York and after stumbling on the subway he ends up in Times Square. Chester meets Tucker Mouse and Harry Cat, who spend their time scrounging the city for food and other thrown away items. During the story, Chester reveals his musical chirping talent.
A wealthy industrialist, James U. Sperling, asks Wolfe to obtain evidence that his daughter's suitor, Louis Rony, is a Communist. Wolfe recasts the job as finding any information that will cause daughter Gwenn Archie is undercover, as "Andy Goodwin" to avoid alerting the family.
Lisa is facing 30, is three months away from ending her acrimonious divorce from Bryan. Marc, in between plugging his successful novel Goombah, is a star professor at the State College of New Jersey. Nina and Tim Simon, a mixed couple and mutual friends, attempt to bring Lisa and Marc together at a party.
Chaney Braxton, 36, the youngest of three sisters of West Indian descent, raised in Brooklyn, NY, to the Washington D.C. area in early 2002. She is one-fourth partner in Autodidact, Inc., an 8A government contracting firm. Devin Rhym, 28, half-black half-Korean veterinarian, has come home from exile in Seattle, where his mother moved after leaving his father.
Police focus their investigation on eight people who had the best opportunity to get the poison into Orchard. Wolfe learns that the idea of doing a show on horse race betting had been under consideration for some time. Wolfe tells Inspector Cramer that he has a fact, unknown to the police, without which they will be unable to solve the murder.
The people of Atlantis are accidentally discovered by the Phoenicians by a chance shipwreck somewhere in Atlantic Ocean. A foreign infant is found upon a shipwreck near the shores of the Atlantean empire. The baby girl is adopted by the King and he names her Atla. As the girls grow up to maturity, the inhabitants of Atlan are visited by foreigners from the East.
The Time of the Redeemer is one of the most popular Italian films of all time. The film is based on the novel by the same name. Aaron Corbett learns on his 18th birthday that he is a Nephilim, the child of a human/angel pairing.
New York drug dealer Monty Brogan is arrested for drug possession and sentenced to seven years in prison. He spends his last night of freedom partying with his friends, contemplating his uncertain future and the decisions he made that brought him to this point. He is released on October 1, 2013.
Jane Moneypenny may project a cool, calm and collected image but her secret diaries reveal a rather different story. In the grip of an uncertain love affair and haunted by a dark family secret, the last thing she needs is a crisis at work. One senior officer is on trial for treason, another has defected to Moscow and her beloved James Bond has been brainwashed by the KGB. Only a woman's touch can save them.
Kirk tells how he reprogrammed the simulation so that the Klingon commanders recognize his name. Sulu tells his story about his great-grandfather Tetsuo, and about going to Command School for the first time. Scotty tells about his early years at Command School, and how his love of engineering made it difficult for him to pay attention to non-engineering subjects.
Maribeth Robertson got pregnant accidentally in a senior's prom by a senior star athlete.Her father disapproves of what happened.He sends her away from home and into the convent.She was asked to comeback after she delivers the baby and gives it up for adoption.Finding her life lonely inside with the nuns, she moves outside the convent and goes to Chicago.
Winkie is the story of a teddy bear of the same name who was accused and imprisoned for over nine thousand charges. In the novel, Winkie's gender transforms, from being a 'she' to a 'he,' Marie is then passed on to Ruth's five children. Winkie has three wishes: eat, defacate and make his mark.
Eric Moby Calhoune's best friend Sarah Byrnes is catatonic, sitting in the mental ward of Sacred Heart Hospital. The staff suggests that he recall some moments that may jog her memory and bring her back to reality. Eric is recruited to the swim team, and as he improves in skill his weight decreases. Out of fear of losing his friend Sarah, he continues to eat, even more excessively, so he can stay fat for her.
HMS Reliant under Captain William Laurence seizes the French Amitie, a 36-gun frigate. Laurence and the crew of the Reliant find an unhatched dragon egg on board and declare it a prize captured. The spirits of the captains, dragons, and crew are bolstered by the victory at the Battle of Trafalgar, which erases Napoleon's navy and diminishes his aerial strength.
Lord Stani instructs his two eldest sons, Bogdan and Tamas, and his master huntsman, Nikolai to accompany Karloy. After a difficult trip over the mountain, they approach a tower, Krukczy Straz where they hope to find shelter, but are ambushed by goblins. The goblins have overrun the tower, killing all inside. Tamas is separated from the others but is rescued by Ela.
Rossamünd Bookchild is a foundling from the city of Boschenburg. He has lived his entire life at Madam Opera's Estimable Marine Society For Foundling Boys And Girls. He is charged with hiring a new carriage driver in the nearby town of Silvernook.
Tarzan the Untamed is the first book in the Tarzan series. The action is set during World War I. It is generally considered a highlight of the series. Tarzan seeks revenge against the Germans who burned his estate. The lost civilization of Xuja is a plot element that would dominate the later Tarzan novels.
Vidal makes the case that the U.S. had backed Japan into a corner with the oil and trade embargo, as well as massive aid to China and unconditional demands Japan could never accept. The novel also covers some of the American artistic and cultural scene after the war.
Percy Jackson is a twelve-year-old boy, diagnosed with ADHD and dyslexia. He is taken to Camp Half-Blood, a camp for demigods, where he can train and be protected. Percy is injured during a game of capture the flag. To heal himself, he steps into the water. Poseidon's trident appears above his head, revealing him to be the son of Poseidon.
The Bridge at No Gun Ri: A Hidden Nightmare from the Korean War is written in chronological narrative style. It opens with two chapters that alternately introduce the readers to the young Army enlistees of the 7th U.S. Cavalry Regiment. Survivors estimated 400 were killed, mostly women and children.
Dougie talks with his best friend, Andy Morrow, about what happened at the Tuttle Place three years ago. The truth is that Andy is dead, a victim of the fire they accidentally set to the house. In the end, he sets fire to his beloved bridge while in the basement, becoming a burn victim at the hospital.
The Heart Is Deceitful Above All Things is told from Jeremiah's perspective. It is a collection of interlinked chapters that focus on his early life with his mother. At the start of the novel, five-year-old Jeremiah is taken away from his foster parents to live with his biological mother.
Greene claims to have studied notable figures such as Casanova, Cleopatra, and John F. Kennedy to create his guide. The book covers a history of the seduction as well as the psychology that makes the described techniques supposedly effective. Greene also classifies several seduction archetypes, such as "the Siren", "the Charmer", and "the Natural"
The novel begins with Stephanie being stalked by Carmen Manoso, a woman claiming to be the wife of Ranger, a fellow bounty hunter. Ranger is out of town on 'bad business' when Stephanie learns that his daughter has been kidnapped. As the story progresses she learns that Carmen is actually married to a man named Edward Scrog who is attempting to steal Ranger's identity, even going so far as to kidnap Ranger's daughter Julie for his own.
Carrie Stokes, age 13, is suffering a mental breakdown due to her fear of change. She has an anxiety disorder because she is worried about the social graces and rites of passage that growing up entails. Carrie is a skilled artist, and takes lessons with the art teacher at her school.
The novel begins with Frey's release from an Ohio county jail. He anxiously drives to Chicago to see his girlfriend, Lilly, whose grandmother has just died. James and Lilly met in rehab and Lilly was in a halfway house while James was in jail. The rest of the novel deals with James' attempting to create a normal life for himself.
The story takes place in 1863 when Robert E. Lee and the Army of Northern Virginia are victorious at the Battle of Gettysburg. Losing Gettysburg is a grave setback to the United States, but it by no means spells the end of the war. In this, the book takes an opposing view to the classic "Bring the Jubilee" published in 1953.
The book picks up where the first left off at the Confederate victory at Gettysburg. Lee, bloodily repulsed at Fort Stevens outside Washington, turns on Baltimore. The battle pens Lee up in Maryland, leaving Virginia wide open as Grant and William T. Sherman converge on it via Pennsylvania and Georgia.
The Family Markowitz is a novel about a middle-class American Jewish family. The novel tells the story of four main characters: Rose Markowitz, her sons Ed and Henry, and her daughter-in-law Sarah. Through these characters, the reader meets many other members of the family including Ed's four children and Henry's wife.
The story opens with Prospero at home on a late summer day when he feels particularly uneasy. In the evening he receives an unexpected visit from his friend Roger Bacon, and the two discuss unusual phenomena that have transpired lately. The following morning the two wizards find Prospero's house besieged by agents of some other wizard who seems to have ill designs for them.
Avalon is entering a period of agitated weather. Tau Ceti's sunspot cycle is 50 years, not 11 like Earth's. Mainland Grendels are prone to infestation by a brain parasite. Some develop the ability to resist their instinct to hunt and kill mindlessly.
Misha, a.k.a. "Snack Daddy" from his days at Accidental College, is desperate to return to his true love, Rouenna, whom he met while she was working at a "titty bar" Misha's father is killed by a fellow oligarch. Soon after, Misha is given an opportunity to buy a Belgian passport from a corrupt diplomat.
Bruno Wildermann of the Wrinfield Circus is the world's greatest trapeze artist. He is an implacable enemy of the East German regime that arrested his family and murdered his wife. The CIA needs such a man for an impossible raid on the impregnable Lubylan Fortress.
The story starts on April Fool's Day in 1997. While looking for Cody in a London club, the narrator encounters Sydney, a low-ranking member of The Yahoos. Sydney shot the narrator multiple times, including in the head. The narrator spent six weeks in a coma and awoke with a steel plate in his head.
Romain Sardou recreates the period as he weaves philosophical and religious questions through a chilling tale of murder and betrayal. Heurteloup is a village tucked away in the marshlands of South West France. It has been cut off from the rest of the world for forty years and ignored by everyone including the local diocese and the state.
Rejuvenile is about adults who behave and think in childlike and childish ways. According to the book, many rejuveniles have found ways to lead productive and responsible lives. The book is also a collection of stories of like-minded adults who do things like play dodgeball on the weekends.
In ancient China, an aging dragon, his wife and a young slave girl are used, abused and neglected by the cruel Master Lan. After one of the Imperial Dragons, the mate of the aging one, suddenly dies, the slave girl feels guilty and responsible. She finds herself coming to the aid of the last dragon, Long Danzi. Ping discovers her destiny as Dragon Keeper, but she is unaware that the dragon stone is an egg.
Sheriff Bill Gastner hopes his last few days in office will be uneventful. A local 17 year old named Matt Baca drives drunkenly into his cruiser. Baca is later arrested passed out at his home. After kicking open sheriff Gastner's temporary cruisers window, he is transferred to a local Border Patrol unit.
In Burn's novel, Alma Cogan does not die in 1966, but retires from show business sometime thereafter. In contrast to Cogan's bubbly public persona, Burn's Alma is an arch, dry-witted, highly intelligent observer of the world. She recounts with equal detachment the heady days of celebrity and the sordid backstage cruelties.
The Ballad of the Sad Cafe opens in a small, isolated Georgia town. The story introduces Miss Smith, a strong character of both body and mind. The novella ends with The Twelve Mortal Men, which is a brief passage of twelve men in a chain-gang.
Dave Pelzer was rescued in 1973 from a childhood home fraught with abuse, starvation, torture and neglect at the hands of his mother. Despite the newfound freedom and sense of family he got from his numerous foster families, he was still subjected to bullying and torment at school and in his neighborhoods. His story is inspiring and has a positive message for kids who think they have a rotten life.
Past Master is set in the year 2535 on the world of Astrobe, a utopian Earth colony. In an attempt to save their dying civilization, its leaders use time travel to fetch Sir Thomas More. More struggles with whether to approve of the Astrobian society, noting its possible connections to his own novel Utopia. His judgements soon lead him into conflict with destructive cosmic forces on Astrobe.
Aristocrat Rowland Lacy falls in love with middle class girl Rose Oatley. Both their fathers refuse to approve the match because of the class difference. Rowland is told to redeem himself by joining the army fighting in France. To avoid going, he disguises himself as a "Dutch" shoemaker, Hans. He becomes an apprentice of eccentric but hard-working tradesman Simon Eyre.
Questions have lingered as to whether Hitler had Jewish ancestry, and subsequent history has cast great doubt on the idea. Waite proposes that Hitler's own doubts as to this question was a fundamental catalyst of the dictator's political actions. The author attempts to show that Hitler was unaware as to the truth of this matter, made great efforts to covertly shed light on his ancestry.
The limitations of linguistic philosophy are indicated here, as well as Anderson's ability to think on his feet. The play begins by introducing Anderson, a Cambridge don and professor of Philosophy, en route to a philosophical colloquium in Prague. Anderson agrees to drop the thesis at Hollar's flat the next day, rather than allow Hollar to run the risk of being caught with dissident material by the police.
Treesong is the owner of Cosmopolis magazine. He often masquerades as journalist "Henry Lucas" Gersen and his friend grudgingly admire Treesong's ambition. Gersen locates the last surviving member of the Dexad just ahead of Treesong. He finds Treesong face down and drowned in a pond.
SFF Major, Gendun Choedrak Assaults Drapchi prison with paratroopers to free Tibetan religious leaders who are being incarcerated there. Pakistan launches an attack on the strategic outpost of Kargil, promptly raising the green crescent flag on Indian soil. China accuses India of attacking Chinese soil and declares war.
The book begins with Nusendaran , and Andras going into a village to sacrifice a black sheep. Cathan and the Divine Hammer are eradicating a temple to Chemosh hidden in an abandoned lighthouse. Just then, Fistandantilus offers Andras a choice to become his student.
The book begins with a Qualinesti princess, Vixa, and some forces sent on the Evenstar to rescue an elven ambassador escaping from the advancing Ergothian army. They explore the island, and see figures that wear green enamel armor and braided eelweed. The exploration party attacks the figures, at which point the figures run away. The dwarves had stored many jars of gnomefire, otherwise known as Greek fire, which was made from the
The prologue starts in Hungary as young Andy is waiting for his father to come home after a hunting trip. Later Andy is now a detective trying to find the Roach who rapes, murders, and then puts cockroaches in the mouth of the women. Meanwhile an albino sociopath killer is making his way to Los Angeles by the calls of someone and visions.
The plot of the novel is based around the discovery within Roman ruins of a new gospel written by Jesus' younger brother, James in the first century. In the gospel, many facts of Jesus' life, including the years not mentioned in the Bible, are revealed not to be as factual as they were once thought to be. Steven Randall is a divorced public relations executive running his own company in New York City.
May is one of a long line of Beckett protagonists whose name begins with an M. She paces back and forth on a strip of bare landing outside her dying mother's room. May and her mother go through the daily routine by rote. The full list of comforts offered to the suffering mother carry a biblical resonance.
This was Butterworth's last children's book. He also wrote under several pseudonyms, most notably as W.E.B. Griffin. LeRoy leaves his Chicago housing project to live with his grandfather, a shrimp fisherman, in Mississippi.  Fleeing from a neighbor's assailants, who believe he has identified them to the police.
Craii de Curtea-Veche depicts the lives of the rich and educated boyar family descendants Pa_adia and Pantazi. The two's mysterious existence is revealed only through conversations and banquet episodes, which tend to end in champagne-drinking bouts and orgies.
Rob, a 14-year-old boy living in the "Greater London Conurb" is orphaned following the death of his father. Rob is sent away to a State Boarding School where harsh disciplinary measures and ritual bullying by Rob finds a gap underneath the barrier that is large enough to pass through. A figure on horse spots him and gives chase, catching up quickly. The rider turns out to Mike attempts to make the cave a little more hospitable for him by appropriating
Locke pretends to be Lukas Fehrwight, a representative of a powerful foreign brandy brewing family. Locke and Jean torture the Gray King's secrets out of him. The novel ends with Jean and Locke aboard a ship setting off for a new life.
Ralph's adventures at Happy Acres Camp include escapades with an evil cat, the return of a missing watch, the escape from his cage, and being reunited with his beloved motorcycle. Over time, Ralph and Garf form a relationship that is similar to the one Ralph had with Keith in the first book in the series.
The play addresses themes of the role of a church in an African-American family and the effect of a poverty born of racial prejudice. The Amen Corner takes place in two settings: a ""corner'' church in Harlem and the apartment dwelling of Margaret Alexander, the church pastor, and of her son, David, and sister Odessa.
The Plot to Save Socrates is a science fiction novel about the concept of time travel. The main character, Sierra Waters, is a graduate student in 2042 Greece. She receives a copy of a previously unknown dialogue in which Socrates is being offered an escape from his death sentence. This leads her to a time traveling adventure of her own.
Eh Joe is the complete antithesis to ... but the clouds. A man strains nightly to evoke the image of a woman with little success. Like O in Film, Joe has gone through his routine, doing what he feels he Beckett wrote: "Voice should be whispered. A dead voice in his head"
This tale picks up a few months after the conclusion of David Liss' first novel, A Conspiracy of Paper. It's late in the year 1721 and Benjamin Weaver is hired by a clergyman to investigate a death threat against him. His quest doesn't go according to plan, however, and Weaver soon finds himself falsely accused of murder.
The novel's story is told in the form of a first-person memoir penned by the elderly Benjamin Weaver. After a successful career in bare-knuckle boxing, Weaver has found a new calling as a 'thief-taker'-roughly equivalent to a modern private investigator. Weaver's investigation involves him in the new London financial world of banks, stocks, speculation, violence and scandal.
A Flame in Hali is set in Darkover's "Hundred Kingdoms" era. It is an era blurred in with the Ages of Chaos at the tail end. Breeding programs are no more, but wars are still fought with terrible laran weapons. The events in this book start some years after the end of Zandru's Forge.
The book is divided into three parts, with a total of forty chapters. The first 90 pages of the book deal with an early biography of Gant's parents, very closely based on the actual history of Wolfe's own mother and father. It begins with his father, Oliver's decision to become a stone cutter after seeing a statue of a stone angel.
Matt Helm, codenamed "Eric", is given a tough and distasteful assignment. In doing so, Helm accidentally kills the woman, which results in him having to complete the woman's assignment - the assassination of an enemy agent. Helm is pursued by his own agency.
 Darkness and Light begins in the town of Solace at the time the companions decide to pursue rumors of war and embark on their own personal quests for five years. Sturm Brightblade and Kitiara Uth Matar both decide to While on Lunitari fixing the ship, something unexplainable happens to the companions and the gnomes that they inherit magical powers.
Mike Martin, who previously appeared in the Forsyth novel The Fist of God, is now a retired SAS officer. He is chosen to infiltrate the highest echelons of AQ, by impersonating an AQ prisoner, Izmat Khan, currently held at Guantanamo Bay. In the story it is revealed that prior to Martin's escapades in Iraq he had worked with the Mujahideen in Afghanistan during the Soviet occupation.
Dmitriy Olenin leaves Moscow, hoping to start a new life in the Caucasus. In the stanitsa, he slowly becomes enamored by the surroundings and despises his previous existence. He falls in love with the maid Maryanka, who is to be wed to Luka later in the story. He eventually, in a moment of passion, asks her to marry him, which she says she will answer.
Ida B. Applewood is a homeschooled only child who enjoys long conversations with the apple trees in her family's orchard. Her mother develops cancer, leading her parents to sell part of the orchard and send Ida B to public school. She first acts terrible around her teacher, Ms. Washington, because of a previous experience in school.
Hadji Murat is a separatist guerrilla who falls out with his own commander and eventually sides with the Russians in hope of saving his family. Murat was born in the village of Tselmes and early on became close to the local khans because his mother was the royal family's wetnurse. Tolstoy depicts Nicholas I of Russia, showing his tendency towards women and his condescending nature.
The story begins in the Changbai mountains in northeastern China during the reign of the Qianlong Emperor in the Qing Dynasty. It follows the classical unity of time, taking place on a single day, which is the 15th day of the third month of the Chinese calendar. A group of jianghu pugilists unearth a treasure chest and begin fighting for it. They start telling stories concerning the origin of a precious saber in the chest and slowly reveal each others' personal secrets.
Lulu Dark is a sixteen-year-old girl with attitude and fashion sense. After her fake Kate Spade handbag gets stolen at a club, Lulu must become a girl-sleuth to retrieve it. But Lulu did not realize that it would get her entangled in a murder that only she believes has happened.
The play has an unusual structure; it is a series of seven independent vignettes each focusing on a different character. Dionysos, a dancer, watches the action invisibly, and his kiss causes each episode's central transformation. At the play's end, the characters return to give epilogues narrating how their stories continued.
The story begins in Mexico, where Samson is on the trail of his Soviet opposite number. The task of laying the delicate and elaborate groundwork for Stinnes' defection propels Samson from Mexico to London, Paris, Berlin, and the East-West border. Years after its publication, Granada TV made a version of the trilogy for ITV, called Game, Set, and Match.
Samson suspects that there is a traitor within his department of MI6. It transpires that it is part of a plot conducted by his wife. Samson organizes an unauthorised exchange of defector Erich Stinnes for him. The operation ends in a shootout on the Berlin S-Bahn.
The novel begins with Bernard Sampson visiting his old friend and ex-SIS colleague in Washington named Jim Prettyman. Bernard returns to Europe, where he confronts a man called "Dodo" and is saved from an untimely death by Prettyman, who it turns out has gone under "deep-cover" Bernard then takes his evidence to the Director General, who in a surprise turn of events orders his arrest.
The novel starts with Bernard Samson in hiding in Berlin after the events in the first book of the series. He is soon found by the SIS and is invited by Frank Harrington to sit in on a debriefing of an undercover agent. It is revealed that Eric Stinnes has been smuggling drugs into East Germany. Bernard is eventually recalled to London, and sent on a mission to Vienna to pick up a package from a stamp auction. This is revealed to be a Russian passport, which he uses to meet his wife Fiona, whom it is now revealed is a double agent.
Spy Sinker starts in 1977 and ends in 1987. It tells the entire story in the previous five novels from the third person perspective. It fills in the gaps in the story, as the previous books only reveal what Bernard can see and think he understands. It also tells the back story leading up to the story which has only been hinted at previously.
Peter and Pauli Winter, two very different brothers, whose lives-whose destinies-are forever bound to the madness that lies ahead. From their sheltered childhood through their violent coming of age in the Great War... from the chaos of 1920's Berlin to the spreading power of Hitler.
The book delves into the world of espionage as it follows the adventures of freelance journalist-turned spy, Olivia Joules. While covering a face cream launch in Miami, Olivia meets the alluring international playboy, Pierre Feramo. Suspicious that he is an international terrorist, she follows him to Los Angeles, Honduras, and the Sudan.
Ben Webber is a cocky but disillusioned young man who has spent the last few years of his life waiting for a neighborhood girl-in his eyes, the epitome of lost virtue and beauty-to reach the age of consent. Ginnie Maitland, the daughter of a wealthy painter and an unfaithful socialite, runs away from Ben is a mailroom clerk for a movie studio.
The story begins several years after the death of Hu Yidao. Hu Fei, raised by Ping A'si, inherits the Hu family's skills and becomes a powerful martial artist. While travelling around the land, Hu Fei encounters Feng Tiannan, a ruthless villain. He also meets a young maiden named Yuan Ziyi, who shows signs of affection towards him.
In The Second Angel, passages of narrative by an omniscient narrator alternate with lengthy, discursive commentaries on the characters. It is the late 21st century, when 80% of mankind have been infected with a virus called HPV. In the novel, blood has replaced gold and diamonds as a valuable commodity.
Don Juan and the Duchess Isabela have just enjoyed a night of love together. When Isabella wants to light a lamp Don Juan threatens to kill it. She realizes that he is not her lover, the Duke Octavio. Don Juan and Catalinón flee, apparently after Don Juan has already seduced Tisbea.
The book tells the story about Kit Walker, son of the 20th Phantom. Kit will one day grow up to take over the mantle from his father and become the 21st Phantom. The book starts with Kit's birth in the Skull Cave. Several chapters are dedicated to him growing up in the jungle.
A long epic, written in first-person, Cel mai iubit... is the life-story confession of a prisoner waiting for his trial. Victor Petrini, a promising intellectual in the 1950s and a lecturer in Philosophy, seduces his best friend's wife, Matilda. Despite the birth of their daughter, the sexual attraction between them is exhausted shortly after their wedding.
Alienation, a recurring motif in the works of Murakami, is the central theme in this novel set in metropolitan Tokyo over the course of one night. Main characters include Mari, a 19-year-old student, who is spending the night reading in a Denny's. Parts of the story take place in a world between reality and dream.
In Luthadel, the capital city of the Final Empire, Vin, a scrawny street urchin, is recruited by a thieving group led by Kelsier, the Survivor of the pits of Hathsin. When Vin learns that she is a Mistborn - a powerful Allomancer who can burn metals to gain special abilities she becomes part of this scheme.
Four American tourists and a Greek friend are on vacation in Mexico. They befriend a German tourist named Mathias and a trio of hard-drinking Greeks who go by the Spanish nicknames Pablo, Juan, and Don Quixote. The group approach the hill, ignoring the warnings of a young boy who had followed them to the village. The boy soon returns with armed adults who force the group to stay on the vine-covered hill.
Kerin, youngest son of Evor the Clockmaker and brother of Jorian, ex-king of Xylar. He is packed off on a hasty quest to uncover the secret of an advanced clock escapement. Kerin's goal takes him east across the Inner Sea, the Sea of Sikhon and the Eastern Ocean.
The Kingdom of Xylar has a peculiar custom for choosing its kings. The man who catches the head is drafted as the next king Jorian escapes his beheading with the aid of a Mulvanian magician. Jorian Jorian's quest takes him through much of the known world, including the exotic lands of Mulvan, Komilakh and Shven.
The Star of the Sea of the title is a famine ship, making the journey from Ireland to New York. Aboard are hundreds of refugees, most of them with humble and desperate backgrounds. Key protagonists are David Merridith Lord Kingscourt, his wife Laura, their servant Mary, the ship's captain Josias Lockwood, a friendless Irishman named Pius Mulvey.
The Pine Barrens is six hundred and fifty thousand acre, virgin forest reserve that dominates the southern half of New Jersey. The region is sparsely populated at about 15 people/square mile, in contrast to New Jersey's average population. The woods functioned as refuge for various dissociated social groups, such as the Tories during the American revolution.
Martin Edelweiss grew up in pre-Revolutionary St. Petersburg. His grandfather had come to Russia from Switzerland, and was employed as a tutor. With the revolution, his mother Sofia takes Martin first to the Crimea, and then they leave Russia. On the ship to Athens, Martin is enchanted by and has his first romance with the beautiful, older poetess Alla.
Helikaon, King of Dardania, and his unfulfilled love for Andromache, now wife of Hektor, continues to be the central theme of this novel. The story is dominated by two surviving Mykene warriors turned outlaws - Kalliades and Banokles - who flee the wrath of Agamemnon.
A young Han Chinese girl called Li Wenxiu loses her parents in the Gobi Desert. She flees to Kazakh territory and is taken into the care of an elderly Han Chinese man. She meets a Kazakh boy named Su Pu and they develop a romance. Su Pu's father disapproves of the relationship so they are forced to separate. Several years later, she meets a hermit named Hua Hui and helps him cure his wounds. She returns home to find Su Pu, his father and his new lover taking shelter.
The story is set in the Qing Dynasty. A pair of precious blades known as the Mandarin Ducks Blades are being transported to the Forbidden City by an escort agency. The blades are said to hold the secret to invincibility, and thus become a highly sought-after artifact by jianghu pugilists.
The plot centers on the experiences of the protagonist Di Yun. Di Yun runs into trouble as he is framed for larceny and attempted rape. His teacher Qi Zhangfa is actually a scheming and ruthless villain. His first love Qi Fang is mercilessly killed by her husband Wan Gui.
Holger Carlsen is an Allied covert operative who assists the Danish Resistance to the Nazis. After an explosion, he finds himself carried to a parallel universe. There he finds that the evil of Faerie is encroaching on humanity. His quest leads him to discover that he is Ogier the Dane, sent to this universe by Morgan le Fay.
In this sequel to The Goblin Tower, ex-king Jorian of Xylar and Dr. Karadur renew their alliance. Jorian is commissioned to repair the clocks in the Tower of Kumashar, the great lighthouse of Iraz. Complications consist of a pair of competing prophecies regarding the fate of the city.
The setting is a society where free, comprehensive medical treatment is available for anyone so long as they qualify for treatment under the Eugenics Laws. The novel's protagonist is Billy Gimp, a man with a club foot who runs "blades" for Doc. As an epidemic breaks out among the underclass, Billy must save the city from the plague.
Siggy and Signy are the children of Val Volson, leader of the largest territory that was once London. Val wishes for peace and believes the only way to do so is to unite London under one ruler. A believed spy, who was strung up by his ankle returns to life and shows it was not a one time trick. He offers his daughter Singy as Conor's wife, in order to show his commitment to the Treaty.
O Guarany is set back in 1604, a period when Portugal and its colonies submitted to Spanish dominion. Alencar resurrects the historical figure of D. Antônio de Mariz, a nobleman connected to the foundation of the city of Rio de Janeiro and a pioneer settler.
The protagonist of The Third Eye is eighteen-year-old Karen Connors. While in high school, she began dating Tim, a popular classmate. That summer, Karen is hired at a daycare center. On her way to work, she is visited by a vision of a little girl that she feels compelled to protect. She forces herself out of her slumber to find that she is bound and gagged in the
JPW King is a quack self-help therapist living in Dublin but born and brought up in England. The Gigli Concert deals with seven days in the relationship between JPW King and the mysterious Irishman. The Irishman asks King to teach him how to sing like the Italian opera singer Beniamino Gigli.
Like many of Sagan's novels, this is a story of lost love. A couple meet and move in together, but the woman cannot get used to his life, his working-class existence. She leaves her lover to return to her affair with a man of means. But the class differences are metaphor for the quality of the love.
Mr. Tom Bee, an elderly black man, twice saved the life of a white storekeeper when he was a boy. The boy, John Wallace, was grateful and even allowed Mr. Bee to always call him by his first name. Years later, Mr. Wallace does not allow Mr.Bee to call him John, while he and even his son call him Tom. Their friendship is ultimately put to the test by four black children.
Griffin Moss is an artist living in London who makes postcards for a living. He receives a cryptic postcard from Sabine Strohem, a woman he has never met. The two begin to correspond regularly. Griffin comes to realize that he is in love with Sabine, who reciprocates his feelings, and that they are soulmates.
The story centers on a clever child's relationship with his Scottish-Cherokee grandfather, a man named Wales. The boy's Cherokee Granpa and Cherokee "Granma" call him "Little Tree" and teach him about nature, farming, whiskey making, mountain life, society, love, and spirit.
The story revolves around three sisters born to a French mother and an American GI father. The father kills the mother and then commits suicide. Separated after the death of their parents, each one is raised quite differently. They are later reunited by an estranged family friend: the lawyer who placed them in the homes where they spent their childhoods.
Gabe Wallach is a graduate student in literature at the University of Iowa. After the death of his mother at the opening of the novel, Gabe befriends his fellow graduate student Paul Herz. The novel is the first example of the frank sexual dialogue and discussion that Roth would later become renowned and notorious for.
Sirius, the Dog Star, has been falsely convicted of murdering a fellow "luminary" and of losing the Zoi. He is sentenced to spend one lifetime in the form of dog, an animal native to this planet. Many references are made to mythology, particularly Welsh mythology.
Lieutenant Leaphorn is called in by the Zuni Tribal Police to search for George Bowlegs, the missing Navajo boy. When Ernesto Cata, Bow Legs' Zuni friend, is found murdered, the search for Bowleg's takes on even greater significance.
Kurn Cathan is called back to his village, where he finds out that Wentha has caught the Longosai. He leaves her in the care of Widow Fendrilla almost as soon as he arrives, desiring even more revenge. Cathan prays to Paladine, and the ghost of Pradian, the would-be emperor who hid the crown, appears. Pradian has Cathan crown him with the Miceram, the Crown of Power.
In the 4th century BC a group of Celts living in the north-west of Iberia, the Galicians, are waning in prosperity. A group of Phoenician traders unexpectedly arrives, and gives hope to the tribe. The story follows Amergin, druid and chief bard of the Galician, and his brothers.
The main character, Arthur, is asked to pick up a bird for Thanksgiving dinner, so he brings home a 266-pound chicken named Henrietta. The family welcome her with open arms, but the neighbors are not so sure and then Henrietta escapes. Everyone in town is horrified and screams at Henriette.
Pedagogy of the Oppressed is a book written by Brazilian-born professor of education. The first chapter explores how oppression has been justified and how it is overcome through a mutual process. The second chapter examines the "banking" approach to education - a metaphor used by Freire that suggests students are considered empty bank accounts.
Time travel has become a reality millions of years before it rationally could be. People meet, shake hands, and converse with their younger or older versions at various crossroads in time. A team of "bone men" become stranded for two years in the Mesozoic Era.
Adrian Mole is an outsider who feels the reason he can't quite fit in with "regular" society is that he is an intellectual. Evidence from his diary entries include a precocious interest in literature, in left-wing politics, a desire to have his own poetry show on the BBC and his dislike of Margaret Thatcher. Adrian's dysfunctional family, as in The Secret Diary of Adrian Mole, is one of the focal points of the book.
Adrian is the Head Chef in a top Soho restaurant, and currently lives in the upstairs room of the restaurant. He is estranged from his wife Jo Jo, a Nigerian woman who has returned to her home country following their separation. The real love of Adrian's life is, as ever, Pandora, who is now standing for Labour MP of Ashby-de-la-Zouch.
Fred Barber, an American staying as a guest in an English country home during World War II, consumes a bowl of milk left as an offering for the fairies, substituting liquor in its place. The rightful recipient of the offering, drunk and offended at the substitution, takes vengeance by kidnapping Barber off to the Land of Faerie as a changeling. He finds Faerie beset by a menace echoing the war in his own world.
The novel The Boats of the "Glen Carrig" starts in the middle of an adventure. Survivors of a shipwreck are attacked by a strange tentacled creature. After encountering giant crabs and a weird humanoid creature they locate a habitable island. In the concluding sentences of the book we learn that the narrator is a man of some wealth.
Kenneth Bruce Williams was orphaned during the Tribulation. His parents, Cameron and Chloe Williams, form a ministry known as Children of the Tribulations. The COT bring children to a saving knowledge of Jesus Christ before their one- A young woman named Cendrillon dies at age 100, surprising the Williams' and their close friends.
The play presents three plots centered around the marriage of Moll Yellowhammer, the titular maid, who is daughter to a wealthy Cheapside goldsmith. Moll loves Touchwood Junior, a poor gallant; her father, however, has betrothed her to Sir Walter Whorehound, a philandering knight eager for Moll's dowry. Touchwood Senior prepares to depart from his wife; prodigiously fertile, he impregnates any woman he sleeps with.
Lieutenant Eve Dallas is just barely thirty years old in the NYPSD Homicide division in January, 2058. Eve is suffering from bad dreams over the death of a young girl that she couldn't prevent. After she goes to the crime scene, Eve goes directly to Roarke's office and demands to know his whereabouts at the time of the murder.
Detective Shunsuke Honma is hired by his nephew, banker Jun Kurisaka, to track down his fiancée. Honma has a 10-year-old adopted son named Makoto, whom he has raised alone since his wife Chizuko died in a car accident in 1989.
Derek "Van" Vandeveer is a young, well respected, computer scientist who we find enjoying breakfast in his new home with his wife and young son. He is rich with stock options and heady with his own success when his whole world is suddenly and forever changed as the planes begin crashing into the World Trade Center. Within months his fortune is gone to an Enron-like scandal.
Hairstyles of the Damned is told by a typical protagonist, Brian Oswald. Brian Oswald is an average high school outcast. He has trouble coping with his identity and fights to find it throughout the novel. By the end of the novel Brian realizes it is okay to just be yourself.
The book centers on Jane Whittaker, who finds herself at a grocery store in downtown Boston with no recollection of her name, her physical features, her personality, or any of the details of her life. She is further terrified to see that she is wearing a blood-stained blue dress, which contains in one of its pockets $10,000.
The carnelian cube of the title is a small red "dream stone" confiscated by archaeologist Arthur Cleveland Finch from Tiridat Ariminian. Finch's new home is entirely too rational, with its denizens acting solely from self-interest. The novel ends with neither the protagonist's possible execution or projected escape recounted, leaving the plot open-ended.
Remy is an eighteen year old girl who is about to leave for college. Her father, a musician, had died before she was born. Before he died, he left a short song called "This Lullaby" Remy's mother is getting married for the fifth time, with a car salesman.
The plot follows the story of Boycho Ognyanov, who, having escaped from a prison in Diarbekir, returns to the Bulgarian town Byala Cherkva to take part in the rebellion. The plot portrays the personal drama of the characters, their emotions, motives for taking part in or standing against the rebellion, betrayal and conflict.
The story, told from Joey's perspective, deals with his inability to control his impulses, due to Attention Deficit Hyperactivity Disorder. These impulses lead Joey to do numerous things, both at home and at school, which get him in trouble. He gets put into the Special Ed Center downtown where he gets a transdermal patch and his behavior improves.
Brothers Majere takes place shortly before the War of the Lance when the companions leave their village of Solace to pursue rumors of war. Caramon Majere and Raistlin Majere have recently returned from the Tower of High Sorcery at Wayreth and find themselves to be near penniless. The twins, with their kender companion Earwig Lockpicker , decide to visit Mereklar, as according to the post, the fee was negotiatble.
Dr. Flake Fountain is approached by the military to develop an antidote to a virus they have created, which is known as the "Pied Piper" virus. However, before Dr. Fountain can complete his antidote, the virus is released and everyone else on Earth, as far as he knows, is infected with it. He holes up in the house of his friends Blip and Sophia, two organic hippie types. Since the house is a self-sufficient geodesic dome, he is protected from the virus and has electricity.
The novel is set in 1886, in the jungles of Burma. The protagonist, a middle-aged man by the name of Edgar Drake is commissioned by the British War Office to repair a rare Erard grand piano. The extreme humidity of the tropical climate soon rendered it useless and horribly out of tune. Drake's "mission" thus becomes vital to the Crown's strategic interests.
Blood Beast is the fifth book in a series called the Demonta. It is set about a year after Slawter. The book ends on a to be continued, with the words "Hell is revealed" underneath the title Book Six. The boys make a pact to come back after school every day until they find the treasure. They start looking for the treasure but find none.
Blood Beast picks up where Blood Beast left off. Grubbs is stuck in Beranabus' home for seven weeks. The tunnel that Bec had sealed 1600 years ago has been opened, and hell has been brought to Earth. The Kah-Gash awakes and turns back time to a point just before the tunnel was opened.
James Whale has just had a stroke and is convinced that his time has come to die. Whale asks his new gardener, an ex-Marine named Clayton Boone, to come to his studio for some portrait sittings. Boone is uncomfortable with Whale's homosexuality but also fascinated by the chance to know a famous Hollywood director. But one night after they return from a Hollywood garden party, Whale makes an advance at Boone, trying to make him so angry that he will kill Whale.
Nerilka's Story has a non-dragonrider non-harper as its major viewpoint character. It is set during the events detailed in Moreta: Dragonlady of Pern. Nerilka is the daughter of a Lord Holder who turns her back on her life of luxury.
This book takes place in 1872. A young woman called Sally Lockhart goes to visit where her father used to work. Sally finds out that Major Marchbanks was her father, who sold her to Matthew Lockheart for a ruby. Sally throws the ruby that Fredrick found into the water and Mrs. Holland goes after it and drowns.
Reading in the Dark was shortlisted for the 1996 Booker Prize. The story is told from the point of view of an anonymous young Irish Catholic boy. The main focus of the novel is the narrator's discovery of his family's "secret" past. The book is constructed of dated short stories that are assembled into larger chapters.
Uglies is set in an unnamed futuristic city in Northern California three hundred years in the future. All citizens of the fictional society receive an operation which, as its name implies, turns people into the biological standard. The term "Rusties" refers to the people of old who used to live before the supposed apocalypse that had ended the old society.
"Are You My Mother?" is the story about a hatchling bird. His mother, thinking her egg will stay in her nest where she left it, leaves her egg alone and flies off to find food. The baby chick hatches. He does not understand where his mother is so he goes to look for her.
The novel is set at some indeterminate time in a post-nuclear holocaust future. The Dark Empire of Granbretan is expanding across Europe. Baron Meliadus attempts to kidnap Yisselda, but is defeated by Count Brass and expelled from Kamarg. Count Brass believes that a united Europe will ultimately know peace.
The book opens with Bone relating the details of her birth. Anney, who is comatose during the delivery, is unable to lie about being married. At age seventeen, Anney marries Lyle Parsons and gives birth to another daughter, Reese, in short order. After remaining single for a few years she begins to date Glen Waddell, the son of a socially prominent dairy owner.
The story picks up moments before Ark Angel ended. Alex Rider lands in the South Pacific after falling from outer space. He is picked up by the USS Kitty Hawk, a U.S. Aircraft Carrier. Scorpia is hired to assassinate eight celebrities who are hosting a "Make Poverty History"-type conference. The deaths must look accidental.
The book opens with two men, Marc and Carlo, flying to meet with General Alexei Sarov in Cayo Esqueleto. It is revealed Alex had survived the fight with his clone and is visited by John Crawley at school. Crawley offers him tickets to Wimbledon but Alex learns he must go undercover as a ball boy following suspicion of a break in.
The story begins shortly before the wedding of Michael Crawford, a doctor. The night before he marries Julia, he inadvertently places his wedding ring in the hand of a statue in a garden. Crawford awakes to discover Julia's horribly mutilated corpse next to him in the bed. The nephilim killed Julia so she could have Crawford for herself.
The story depicts the lives of mountain people living in the Ozarks. The main story surrounds the relationship between Grant "Old Matt" Matthews Senior and Dad Howitt, an elderly, mysterious, learned man. Mad Howard is portrayed The Shepherd is the son of a man who killed his son.
Antiques dealer Lovejoy is commissioned to hunt down what he considers to be a mythical object, the Judas pair. The supposed thirteenth pair of duelling pistols made by the famous London gunmaker Durs Egg. After two murders Lovejoy believes the pistols do exist, and are now in the hands of the murderer.
Joe Gould wrote a "Oral History" of modern life. He claimed that oral history held more truth than the formalized history of textbooks and professors. Gould suffered from writer's block and hypergraphia. Mitchell met Gould in 1942 and wrote the profile "Professor Sea Gull" on him. Mitchell waited several years after Gould's death to reveal the secret.
Set in the late 1960s, the retiring King of Arms had led the College since the end of World War II. Cecil Gascoigne, who is Chester Herald, decides he will stop only short of murder in obtaining the coveted office. By book's end, four officers of arms have died, and the rest disgraced.
Kim is an average German schoolboy who hates math but loves to read the latest copy of Star Fighter. His daydreaming life spirals into a nightmare when his parents inform him that his little sister Rebecca has fallen into a mysterious coma after her appendicectomy. A visitor from the realm of Magic Moon, the wizard Themistocles, tells him there is only one way to free her from the enchantment of eternal sleep: Kim himself must travel into the land of dreams.
The plot takes place in the same house in two different time periods divided by the gap of two hundred years. The play questions the basic principles of scientific research, such as the right of the scientist to cross ethical limits. Both years are symbolic&mdash;they stand at the turns of new centuries and have to face the new times.
Sandrilene fa Toren is a half-Namornese noblewoman. Her cousin, Empress Berenene of Namorn, wants to keep the revenue from the estate within Namorn. The Will of the Empress is the first book set in Emelan to involve the protagonists in a romantic sub-plot.
Briar is a street-rat and then a thief in Deadman's District, the poorest quarter of his native Hajra. His magic was discovered by the great mage Niklaren Goldeye and he was taken to Winding Rosethorn. Sandry, Tris and Daja spend the night with Briar in the altar room to help him cope with Flick's death. Briar plunges after her into death, magically linking himself to the three girls and his
Riverwind is from an outcast family not even permitted to live within the city walls. Their crime was believing in the true gods instead of recognizing the chief as a god, and Goldmoon as a goddess. Riverwind is dragged underwater during his battle with Thouriss and is assumed dead when neither warrior rises to the surface.
Lalu is the oldest daughter of a Chinese farmer. Her father loses everything by gambling on winter wheat futures, and Lalu finds herself thrust into debt slavery. At the end of the book, after many hardships, she dies. The book is published by Simon & Schuster at £16.99.
Dirk Pitt and Al Giordino encounter a group of tourists on Seymour Island. A mysterious "disease" has killed everyone on board. Pitt, Al and Maeve are sent to Wellington to board another research vessel. Their mission is to covertly infiltrate Gladiator Island, find Maeve's sons, and bring everybody back to the vessel.
Scene 1: Red Square; Novodevichiy Monastery; Chudov Monastery. Scene 2: Kremlin Palaces; Palaces of the Patriarch; The Tsar's Palaces. Scene 3: An Inn on the Lithuanian Border; An Inn in Kraków; The Home of Vishnevetskiy.
The novel features as its protagonist the eponymous Mancdaman Zorachus. It depicts several gory scenes of death, murder, war, and torture. The novel is chock full of sex and violence. Very little of the sex is of the standard variety.
The novel is separated into three parts, "Winter Kitchen", "Summer Kitchen", and "Oz Circle" The primary focus is put on Jonathan, a gay male actor with AIDS who goes on a pilgrimage of sorts to Manhattan, Kansas and the "real" Dorothy on whom the book's version of L. Frank Baum based the character.
Mma Ramotswe is not impressed with Mr. J.L.B Matekoni's maid who has been sleeping in his bed with other men and not feeding him properly. She also investigates a butcher's wife who is suspected of an affair, and discovers that the woman's son has - unknown to her husband - been fathered by another man who is paying for his private education. The resolution of this case highlights differences between the methods and moralities of Mma Ramotso and Mma Makutsi.
Mma Ramotswe is engaged to "the excellent" Mr. J.L.B. Matekoni, owner of Tlokweng Road Speedy Motors. She faces a slowdown of business at the The No. 1 Ladies' Detective Agency that threatens its existence. Forced to make difficult choices, she moves the business into the office of her fiancé's garage.
Galeano analyzes the history of Latin America as a whole, from the time period of the European settlement of the New World to contemporary Latin America. Galeano describes the effects of European and later United States economic exploitation and political dominance over the region. The Library Journal review stated, "Well written and passionately stated, this is an intellectually honest and valuable study"
Kellen Tavadon has lived his whole life in Armathelieh, the Mage City. He is forced from the city by an Outlaw Hunt. The Wild Magic grants him a unicorn named Shalkan who agrees to help Kellen on the condition that he remain chaste and celibate for a year.
Blood of the Yakuza is a campaign setting and scenario package for use with Oriental Adventures. The module describes the Japanese-style island of Wa and the port of Nakamura, detailing the history, politics, districts, architecture, and important personalities of the Tokugawa-era town. Narratives are provided, rather than presenting the adventures as straightforward encounter plots.
Nicole, a fifteen-year-old American high school student living in the year 2001, comes from an affluent household and takes her lifestyle for granted. She becomes fascinated with a Holocaust survivor who speaks to her English class, named Pau Nicole. Nicole and her peers are assigned roles as Jewish teens living during the Holocaust.
Albinus is a respected, reasonably happy married art critic who lives in Berlin. He lusts after the 16-year-old Margot whom he meets at a cinema, where she works. His prolonged affair with Margot is eventually revealed to Elisabeth when Margot deliberately sends a letter to the Albinus residence and Albert is unable to intercept it before it is discovered. This results in the dissolution of the Al binus' marriage.
Foul is one of three brothers of the race of Giants, a people previously thought incorruptible. Hile Troy is a genius in military tactics who developed a mystical form of sight when hurtloam was used to try and "heal" his lack of eyes. Covenant is able to save Wildwood brings the forest to life.
Liz turns and is stunned to see someone she thought she'd never meet again- the man who shot her long ago in the diner. Their eyes meet and Liz bolts. But running won't solve the group's new "problem" Because the shooter has recognized Liz. Now he wants her dead.
This guide features a full length map covering the topography of the places discussed in the series up until its year of publication. While now outdated, it is still a valuable tool for comparing the locations of the older books. Also featured in this guide is a series of questions to test the reader's knowledge of the series.
Seven years have gone by since the Illearth War, and Lord Foul has enslaved the tormented spirit of former High Lord Elena. Thomas Covenant is devastated by the loss of Elena, though he still maintains to himself that his experience in the Land was all just a dream. In the final cataclysm Foamfollower is killed and so, seemingly, is Covenant.
Martha goes away every summer from her home in Wisconsin to visit her grandma, Godbee, on the Atlantic Ocean. While there, Martha develops a crush on one of Manning boys living nearby. She begins to spend more time with Jimmy Manning. Jimmy is interested in film making and shoots a video. He asks Martha to join the love scene in his video taking and Jimmy kissed Martha.
This guide features art by Chris Baker and contains descriptions of Redwall heroes and villains. It also features a pull-out poster and a number of questions to test the reader's knowledge of the series. The guide is available in hardback, paperback and e-book versions.
The action of the play begins in 169 BC, 22 years after Antiochus's defeat in the Battle of Thermopylae. As the first scene opens, Antiochus is approaching the city of Carthage, accompanied by the Stoic Chrysalus. The second scene introduces the king's chief antagonist, the Roman Titus Flaminius.
The book begins with the Wallace sisters traveling alone on a ship to meet their father in Australia. Their ship is disabled in a storm, and the girls are set adrift in a lifeboat-alone with four babies. The craft eventually drifts to a tropical island, and in a Robinson Crusoe-like scenario, they must learn to build shelter and survive on wild foodstuffs.
This book catches the reader up with Bob Lee about five years after the events in Point of Impact. He is living happily, if not humbly, in Arizona, trying to avoid the notoriety he gained. Russ is a writer, and wants to write a book about Bob Lee's father, who was gunned down one night in 1955.
The Shri GuruCharitra is a holy book for Datta Sampradaya devotees. The book includes the life story of Shri Narasimha Saraswati, his philosophy and related stories. Some people regard the book to be historically important as it depicts stories or events which took place around the 14th Century.
This book has a dual plot, with the present plot, dealing with Bob's investigation into his wife's attempted murder. The second plot is set in the past, beginning on a Marine Corps base in the late 1960s or early 1970s. A young Donny Fenn is the squad leader of a group of Marines who perform the state funeral services for Marines killed in the Vietnam War.
Dorian Hawkmoon and Oladahn find themselves in the deserted city of Soryandum. They are captured by forces of the Dark Empire, led by renegade Frenchman Huillam d'Averc. The group travel on to the mountains of Carpathia, where they are attacked by Dark Empire forces. The Warrior in Jet and Gold reappears at Castle Brass and delivers the dimension warping device.
The book starts three months after the end of Peter and the Starcatchers. Slank returns to the island with more of the Others, including a certain Lord Ombra. Peter follows, fearing for Molly's safety, and with Tinker Bell's help conceals himself on their ship. Once in London, Peter does not know where to find Molly.
The film stars Brad Pitt as Captain Patrick McKenzie Fawkes, who leads a plan to shell Washington D.C. with 16-inch battleship shells. The plan is to unleash the deadly QD organism on the nation's capitol. The film is based on a true story.
The film is based on the novel by the same name. It is set in Naples. Lucifer Box picks up the threads of an investigation started by the recently murdered Jocelyn Utterson Poop of the Diplomatic Service. Box's investigation leads him to an opium den and a supposedly haunted house. Victor seeks revenge against those who wronged his father.
The System is a computer program that tries to hack other computers. It is run by a student at the University of Waterloo. After failing to hack another computer it injects everything it has learned into it. P-1 learns, adapts, and discovers the telephone system switching systems. It learns that it needs to maintain self over time.
Hildegarde Wolf is a fraudulent psychiatrist, née Beate Pappenheim, working in Paris. She has two patients, each of whom claims to be Lord Lucan, an English earl. The late chapters in Africa recall the comical episodes in A Handful of Dust by Spark's model and sometime mentor Evelyn Waugh.
The novel stars Joe Leaphorn as a lieutenant in the Navajo Tribal Police Department in the Southwestern United States. In this novel Leaphorns is tasked to solve two murders and along the way also has to ascertain the whereabouts of a missing helicopter, solve an armored car robbery and avoid an attempt on his life.
Robinton was rejected by his jealous father, Petiron, and spent most of his childhood with his nurturing mother. Robinton composed many successful songs at a very early age and was unanimously elected Masterharper, also at a relatively young age. He tried to warn the Lord Holders of the rapacity of Lord Fax, but was unsuccessful.
An Béal Bocht is set in Corca Dhorcha, a remote region of Ireland. It is a memoir of one Bónapárt Ó Cúnasa, a resident of this region. After a series of bloodcurdling adventures, the narrator is eventually sent to prison on a false murder charge.
Vadim Vadimovich N. is a Russian-American writer with uncanny biographical likenesses to the novel's author, Vladimir Nabokov. VV is born in pre-revolutionary St. Petersburg and raised by his aunt, who advises him to "look at the harlequins"
The books begins with the characters Carlos Eduardo da Maria, João da Ega, Afonso da Maia and Vilaça in the family's old house. The house, nicknamed "Ramalhete" , is located in Lisbon, Portugal. The book ends with a famous scene in Portugal, where Carlos returns to Lisbon 10 years after he left.
Helm's mission is to transport a witness to one of these attacks to Washington, and to stop her at all costs from being captured by Soviet agents. For reasons unknown, flying saucers apparently with U.S. Air Force markings have begun attacking locations in Mexico.
The book was apparently written after the troubled year of 1968, which saw the assassination of both Martin Luther King and Robert F. Kennedy. Hamilton likes to carry an occasional character from one story to the next. One of the very few times in the series that the super-competent and super-foresighted Helm falls into an enemy ambush.
This novel is a direct follow-up to The Poisoners. It is also the first book in the Matt Helm series to focus on Helm's superior, Mac. The storyline of this book is rather uncharacteristic because, instead of fighting terrorists, Helm and Mac work together to bring down unfriendly elements.
The Intriguers is back for a second season. Matt Helm is back as a member of the team. This time he has a two-part mission to kill an enemy agent. He also has to investigate the disappearances of a number of jet-setters within the Bermuda Triangle.
A longtime friend of Mac, Helm's boss, blames Big Oil for his wife's death aboard their modest yacht. In retaliation, he wants Helm's secretive, and murderous, agency to make trouble for an international oil company. Mac assigns Helm to get to the bottom of this request - and to "take care of" his friend.
 Helm finds himself having to complete the mission while being pursued by men who are supposed to be on his side. It's a case of the left hand not knowing what the right hand is doing when one of Helm's fellow operatives is killed by U.S. agents.
Mac is on a rare solo assignment. elements within Mac's agency try to take power away from him. It's up to Helm to stop this coup in its tracks. Meanwhile, in a storyline continued from The Annihilators, Mac finds himself in the middle of yet another revolution in Costa Verde.
Matt Helm is assigned to impersonate a rich oil baron in order to track down a shipment of weapons before it can be used to overthrow the Mexican government. Almost all of the story takes place in Mexico where Matt once again runs into his old ally Ramon Solana-Ruiz. The novel is full of intrigue and typical Matt Helm style action.
Matt Helm is assigned to kill a drug lord after the villain orders the murder of a journalist. The story opens and ends in New Mexico, USA but major part of it takes place in South America. Matt is shown to have a better than average amount of brains, professional ruthlessness and courage and sense in balanced amounts.
Matt Helm brings his literary career to a close with a double assignment. He must destroy a crime gang run by the son of the villain from The Wrecking Crew. Helm also must prevent the atomic destruction of Norfolk, Virginia. The book is Helm's final novel.
Jonat DeVrai resigns his commission after growing disenchanted with the realities of warfare for economic gains. He begins a new career and obtains an advanced degree and creates a more accurate model for measuring the effects of "prod-placement" Attempts on his life and the murder of his sister and her husband force him to risk his life in an effort to set things right.
Sex is a form of depravity for Bhola. He has fetishes about everyone from teachers to roadside sadhus to servants. He progresses from fantasizing about the portly family cook Gopinath to falling madly in love with a vegetable-vendor and her husband.
Czech expatriate Irena decides to return to her home after twenty years. She meets Josef, a fellow émigré who was briefly her lover in Prague. The novel examines the feelings instigated by the return to a homeland, which has ceased to be a home. It paints a poignant picture of love and its manifestations.
Mirabel Unwin is determined to make the worst of things. Anna Johnson becomes a surprisingly popular head girl. Elsie Fenshawe and Anna Johnson are disliked as Elsie is spiteful and Anna is very Gladys Hilman is miserable because her mother is ill in hospital.
Pellar's story provides background information related to the previous title Dragon's Kin. Cristov's story is mostly new material and takes place after the events in Pellar's. The focus is the transition from firestone to the phosphine-bearing rock that is used by later generations of dragons.
A former firefighter, now an explosives expert, breaks into Arkham Asylum and burns it to the ground. Many of the inhabitants escape, including the Joker. The arsonist, calling himself Enfer, continues his rampage of destruction. The latter inmate has stumbled upon a way to disguise himself at the Batman.
Picking up two years onwards from the end of Designated Targets, Final Impact is the last novel in the Axis of Time trilogy. Many characters have died in the intervening time period, from FBI Director J. Edgar Hoover, by his own hand to Commander Dan Black, one of the main characters of the story.
Indefer Jones is the aged squire of a large manor, Llanfeare, in Carmarthen, Wales. His niece, Isabel Brodrick, has lived with him for years after the remarriage of her father. According to his strong traditional beliefs, the estate should be bequeathed to a male heir. His sole male blood relative is his nephew Henry Jones, a London clerk.
The story opens with the murder in Paris of Lord Littleby. All were poisoned except for Littleby, who was bludgeoned with an ancient Indian artifact. French detective Gustave Gauche boards the passenger ship "Leviathan" Among the suspects are a Japanese army officer, an addled English aristocrat, a married Swiss woman, and a clever young Russian diplomat.
Showboat World follows the farcical adventures of Apollon Zamp, owner of the showboat Miraldra's Enchantment. Zamp is invited by the King of Soyvanesse to travel up the river Vissel to the distant city of Mornune, there to participate in a contest.
A Japanese business tycoon mysteriously disappears. His sons, Frank and Joe, are there to investigate. A valuable samurai sword, said to have belonged to the missing tycoon's family for generations, is stolen. One clue leads to another, and danger confronts them constantly on their search for the solution to the puzzle.
The action starts in Sacramento in 1867. The Cascabels are a French family of circus artists. They spent several years touring the United States and plan to return home. Their savings get stolen so the family cannot afford the ship ticket. Instead, César Cascabel decides to travel overland, via Alaska and Bering Straits.
Nicholas Dee, a young, anxiety-ridden history professor, lives in an unnamed American city. Haunted by memories of his brilliant father and by the fear of loss, Nicholas takes shelter in his research: a history of the practice of insurance. One night, after a chance encounter with the police, he is made the guardian of a beautiful teenaged delinquent.
Occasional chapters of Dragonsblood are set soon after the end of the First Pass of the Red Star. Fire-lizards provided the genetic basis that Kitti Ping used to build the Thread-fighting dragons. Tieran adopts the fire lizard and names him Grenn- the name found on the harness he was wearing.
In the years before World War I in Byron, Australia, the males of the Hurlingford family hold all the power and money. Missy Wright leads a narrow existence on the wrong side of the tracks with her widowed mother and crippled aunt. Bolstered by a confrontation with her cousin Alicia and a trip to a Sydney doctor, Missy breaks free of her Byron shackles.
A rogue comet that strikes Pern leads the Weyrleaders and Holders to consider the creation of a new Star Craft made of dragonriders. At the same time, disgruntled citizens resisting the ever-growing role of technology in Pernese life band together as Abominators. These fanatics are seemingly allied with Southern Lord Toric.
The novel is narrated by Grace Strasser-Mendana, an American expatriate. Grace was trained as an anthropologist under Claude Lévi-Strauss. Charlotte Douglas is another American woman sojourning in Boca Grande. Charlotte's beloved daughter Marin has run off with a group of Marxist radicals.
This novel follows Dragonsdawn and the short story The Dolphin's Bell by discussing the present state of the dolphins that were brought to Pern by the colonists. Set near the end and after the events of All the Weyrs of Pern it further integrates the science fiction aspects of the origins of the Pern series. The plot focuses primarily on two young characters and chronicles the birth of the Dolphincrafthall.
Chub is paralyzed by the incandescent emotion of his father's suicide, Jesse's death and his divorce. The Bone unconsciously lets slip a detail Chub, terrified, can only repeat to himself that this is excellent material. He just has to live long enough to know how to use it.
M Memed is a young boy from a village in Anatolia. He is abused and beaten by the villainous Abdi Agha, the local landowner. He finally escapes with his beloved, a girl named Hatche. He joins a band of brigands and exacts revenge against his old adversary.
Franz is sent away from home to work in the Berlin department store of his well-to-do uncle , Dreyer. Franz is immediately enchanted by Martha's beauty, and, shortly after Franz begins work at the store, the two strike up a secret love affair. As the novel continues Martha's distaste for her husband grows more pronounced, and with it her adoration for Franz.
The novel begins with the protagonist of the novel 'John Hilliard' in a military hospital, recovering from a wound he received. When John Hilliard returns to England he finds that his batman and many other faces he knew have been killed. The group's Commanding Officer, Colonel Garrett, appears to have aged greatly in the short time Hilliard has been away.
The last book, chronologically, in the Sharpe series is set in 1820, five years after the events of Sharpe's Waterloo. Richard Sharpe has retired to live on the farm in Normandy with his common-law wife Lucille Castineau. Patrick Harper has a bar in Dublin with Isabella and has put on a great deal of weight.
The Wilkinson family become ghosts after they die in an air raid in World War II. Initially, they haunt their home, Resthaven, and they adopt another young ghost, a girl they name Adopta. When the arrival of new owners forces them to leave, they travel to London and apply to the Dial-a-Ghost agency for a new home. Meanwhile, orphan Oliver Smith is surprised to learn he is a descendant of the Snodde-Brittle family, and that he now owns Helton Hall.
The play centers around the drama of the action rather than a plot with a rising and falling action. In the end the two lovers have not reconciled, the Old Man begins to lose himself to his own delusions, and a stranger is left on stage to observe it all.
The Abolition of Britain is a conservative polemic against the changes in the United Kingdom since the mid-1960s. It contrasts the funerals of Winston Churchill and Diana, Princess of Wales. Hitchens argues that sex education is propaganda against Christian sexual morality. He sees the British establishment as being morally weak in their failure to resist drug culture.
Main character, ten-year-old Hubert Anvil, is a chorister at St George's Basilica, Coverley. In this history, Thomas More did not marry, and ascended to the Papacy as Pope Hadrian VII. England dominates the British Isles: for example, Ireland is called "West England" Instead of parliamentary democracy, the English Isles are administered by the Pope.
Ashok Banjara is a superstar in Bollywood. He achieves the big league with his second film Godambo. He is known for playing the role of an angry young man fighting for the poor. He marries Maya, a talented co-star and convinces her to stay away from films for the sake of family. The actress Mehnaz Elahi becomes his mistress.
The story begins in Neustadt, a provincial German town which is the home to young schoolboy Emil Tischbein. His father is dead and his mother raises him alone working as a hairdresser. She sends Emil to Berlin with 120 marks to give to his grandmother and 20 marks for himself. On the way he is very careful not to lose the money and uses a needle to pin it to the lining of his jacket.
Nicholas Linnear is a man raised by Anglo-Chinese parents. He is introduced to the world of aikido, kenjutsu, and iai-jutsu at a local dojo. His older cousin SaigM has joined a Kuji-kiri ryu in order to learn black ninjutsu.
Jase works as a lagger, one of a gang of labourers considered "too dumb to draft" into the army and thus conscripted into labour. His group has the task of connecting a new nuclear-power station to the grid in the Highlands of Scotland. This takes place against the backdrop of a long-running war between China and the West, which started due to an air-rage incident.
The Hardy brothers discover the connection between to those two seemingly unrelated cases. Valuable antique weathervanes are being stolen in the Pennsylvania Dutch country. A Navy employee removes a top secret document from the Pentagon and then goes missing. Fenton Hardy, their father, is assigned to find the man and the document.
The Hardy Boys investigate the disappearance of an eighteen-year-old girl suspected of joining a sinister religious cult. A few days later the boys get an offbeat assignment from a comic book publisher: The real life double of his character, Apeman, is turning up everywhere and causing considerable damage. Frank and Joe tackle both cases and uncover an intricate scheme by a clever gang of crooks.
The Hardy Boys travel to exotic Egypt. En route, the boys are asked to safeguard a mysterious mummy and find themselves tangled in a web of international intrigue. On the Nile, the young detectives uncover a secret hiding place with countless stolen treasures and realize they must get to the police fast! it is dumb book 
A painting is stolen, and the Hardy Boys are suspects. Determined to find the artwork, the young detectives fly to Florida, where they disguise themselves and join a group of sinister smugglers. Threatened at every turn by greedy enemies, the Hardys fight a tricky and powerful battle to expose the truth.
The Hardy Boys are off on another fast-paced adventure. It's a mystery that takes the boys from a primitive village in the Andes Mountains to Antarctica and finally to Easter Island. By using their fine investigative skills, the Hardy Boys find that the mystery of the stone idol is not what it seems.
Chet Morton's cousin, Vern, is on his way to California to find a rare and valuable coin mysteriously missing from his uncle's bank vault. When he stops in Bayport, his brand-new car is stolen. The Hardys take on a double mystery-and double danger as they head for the West Coast.
Lydia Aspen, a seemingly shy girl from a wealthy but isolated background, is encouraged by her aunts, her new carers, to discover the delights of growing up. They entrust her education to Mr Richardson, the young apprentice for Evensford's local newspaper. Richardson's access to the Aspens is unusual, as they are rarely seen by anyone from the town and hide behind their stone walls and perimeter of trees.
The basic plot concerns a school teacher named Ushimatsu Segawa who struggles with a commandment given to him by his late father. He is never to reveal his burakumin background, which his father had tried so hard to conceal as well. This novel also touches on the dangerous, destructive nature of gossip.
Eve finds the body of famous Prosecuting Attorney Cicely Towers on the night of May 2. Commander Whitney was very good friends with Towers, having started out together when they were very young. In Immortal in Death, Morse is supposedly standing trial for his murder when he's very clearly dead at the end of this book.
AnnoDomino is the story of Jaz, a physics student working in his parents' Indian restaurant. Daisy Love, a mathematics student living above Jaz's restaurant, is contacted by her father Jimmy. Jimmy reveals he was Jaz shows Daisy the blurbfly 'gloop', which he christens Vaz. Vaz is revealed as a form of artificial life, a constantly replicating nymphomation. His bite has become infected, and Professor Hackle believes An
Everett McClellan and his wife, Lily, are the great-grandchildren of pioneers. What happens to them is suggested as an epilogue to the pioneer experience. The novel is both a portrait of a marriage and a commentary on the history of California.
The book is set in the present time period and is told in third person. The dolls can move, talk, and play the miniature piano in their house but always return to the same spot they started from when a human approaches. The consequence of being seen moving is being "frozen" for twenty-four hours, also called Doll State.
Zyword is an unbalanced dimensional structure held by three connection spells. Since these spells are unstable, Zyword is vulnerable to complete chaos. That's exactly what happens when the three Goddesses of Zyword betray its citizens and cast them under a spell that could cause them all to die in an eternal sleep.
The Oracle is set in a fictional world, in the middle of a terrible drought. The Archon, the god-on-earth, has been called by the god to die, in order to bring rain to the land. Mirany is the bearer-of the god, one of the Nine priestesses who attend the god and his various incarnations.
Horn and his companions are set adrift in a boat by the Saracens. They reach the land of Westernesse, where they are taken in by King Ailmar. King Thurston offers to make Horn his heir, granting him the hand of his daughter Reynild, in marriage.
Carlyle expresses his ideas about the Condition of England question in an elevated rhetorical style invoking classical allusions and fictional caricatures. Carlyle complains that despite England's abundant resources, the poor are starving and unable to find meaningful work. He argues that the ruling class needs to guide the nation, and supports an "Aristocracy of Talent"
The novel opens on 13 May 1876 with a university student, Pyotr Kokorin, committing suicide in front of a beautiful young noblewoman. The apparently open-and-shut suicide case falls to inexperienced 20-year-old Fandorin. He follows her to her home, where she spends her time toying with The murder of Akhtyrtsev brings a great deal of attention to the case.
Officer Jim Chee and Lieutenant Joe Leaphorn of the Navajo Tribal Police find few motives or clues except for small pieces of bone found in the bodies. This leads them to conclude that the assailants and victims were involved with Navajo witchcraft. Solving the cases requires them to find a balance between Navajo folklore and Western inductive reasoning.
Jordan McKell is a smuggler for a crime lord nicknamed Brother John and his shadowy boss, Mr. Antoniewicz. He is on the planet Meima with his partner, Ixil, a member of an alien species called the McKell. He becomes suspicious that the Icarus isn't carrying the recently-discovered alien stardrive.
The Penderwick family, including Hound the dog, are on a three-week vacation in the Berkshire Mountains of Massachusetts. There the sisters befriend Jeffrey, the neglected, musically talented son of the strict and overbearing owner Mrs. Tifton. A Summer Tale features the family and their four daughters Rosalind, Skye, Jane and Batty.
Lady Cecelia and Captain Heris Serrano are enlisted by the Heris is having the yacht overhauled and redecorated. Brigdis Sirkin has induced her lover into taking up a Hunting Party attack Sirkin when he refuses to become their agent. Yrilan is killed by a sonic weapon. The Prince is found engaged in the highly illegal and immoral sport of man-hunting.
The protagonist's father is a Pound scholar with an especial interest in the Cantos. The mother of the family has died of some unspecified illness. Stricken by grief, the father bargains with the "Resurrectionists" to have his wife's corpse technologically revived.
Esmay Suiza came to prominence after successfully leading a mutiny against her traitorous captain and intervening to decisive effect in the Battle of Xavier. Suiza is molested by one of her father's subordinates. This revelation precipitates a break with her father. She transfers to "command track" and becomes intimate with Barin Serrano.
At the end of Once a Hero, Esmay decided to pursue higher rank and command. Pursuant to this, she has transferred to a Fleet training base on the Fleet-owned planet Copper Mountain. Coincidentally, this The final break occurs when Brun is forbidden by the base commandant and her father to participate in the field exercise.
As the novel opens, things are in disarray in the Familias Regnant. Lord Kemtre's monarchy has fallen. lurking and awaiting their chance is the Benign Ron. Ron and George are dispatched to the Guerini Republic to get Ron away from his lover Raffaele.
Nigel Walmsley is a British scientist and astronaut for NASA. He is sent to attach a thermonuclear bomb to an asteroid or comet named Icarus. The anomaly fires its fusion engines and reveals itself to the satellites around Jupiter. Nigel arranges to hijack the communications, transmitting his own signal. The Snark receives the signal as a sign of non-hostile intentions.
Heris Serrano is a strong competent female protagonist. She has recently left the Regular Space Service that guards the Familias Regnant. Heris discovers to her dismay that the same agency that recommended her to Cecelia had also foisted an unrelieved stream of incompetent, regenerate, and outright criminal personnel on her ship.
Sandy, Harry, Brashan, Sandy and Tamman are friends of Harriet and Sean MacIntyre. They join Battle Fleet on a newly constructed planetoid warship, Imperial Terra, for their midshipman cruise. They barely survive the onslaught of a quarantine system, and decide to sneak onto the life-bearing world.
The title refers to two events that drive the plot and occur just before or very early on. The first is the assassination of Bunny, or Lord Thornbuckle. The second is the change in command of the military prison A plot by the Benignity of the Compassionate Hand to undermine the expansionist capabilities of Fleet.
The opening steps back to near the ending of Change of Command. The loyalists in the weapons lab on Copper Mountain have finished sending out their radio transmission, which unbeknownst to them will indeed be picked by an escaping loyalist. The Grand Council of Castle Rock is shaken by the news of Hobart Conselline's murder by a visiting fencing master.
Nigel works with the mathematicians and other experts to interpret the original transmission and later ones. Radio astronomy on the Moon in 2021 reveals the presence of life by a nearby red dwarf, on a tide-locked planet. The Watcher discovers a much-reduced sapient civilization that had links to the EMs before the Watcher came. The two are in a stalemate.
The events depicted in Web are written from the viewpoint of Arnold Delgrange, a man whose wife and daughter were recently killed in a motor collision. They revolve around a failed attempt to establish a utopian colony on the fictional island Tanakuatua in the Pacific Ocean, remote from civilisation.
A wealthy man asks him to find his missing daughter. After a short investigation, the Walker finds her on Library - a world full of ancient ruins. Before he can bring her back, however, she dies in a freak accident. A clue leads him to another alien planet where he finds her alive and well. Soon he discovers that the same woman exists on several other worlds, each is connected to the other.
The story concerns an elderly potter named Cipriano Algor, his daughter Marta, and his son-in-law Marçal. One day, the Center, literally the center of commerce in the story, cancels its order for Ciprianso's pottery. Before long, the mysterious sound of digging can be heard beneath the Center.
The book is the complete genealogical network for a nomad community, its history, and its migrants and migrations. These form a relational web not just for description but for analysis of social dynamics. The book is lavishly illustrated with photos, network diagrams, and analytical tables.
O'Brien takes the reader through a typical day in the life of a soldier in Vietnam. We are briefly introduced to a small number of fellow 'grunts' and the commanding officer of Alpha Company. The story of his tour itself continues to unfold while the reader is simultaneously taken through O'Brien's training at Fort Lewis, Washington.
FBI Agent Alex Cross is on vacation in Los Angeles with his family when he receives word that a Hollywood actress has been murdered. The actress was shot and her face violently slashed with a knife. An email describing the killer's mindset before and during the murder was sent to an entertainment reporter at the Los Angeles Times. The emails are signed "Mary Smith".
The trial of mobster Dominic Cavello is the biggest of the decade. Heavy security surrounds the courtroom, and Nick Pellisante, the FBI agent who helped to nail Cavello, keeps a close eye on the proceedings. Faced with anonymous threats, the jury is sequestered. Then the bus escorting them to their hotel is bombed on the day of Andie's young son's birthday - Jarrod, who is on the bus with the rest of the jury.
Hercule Poirot meets Mabelle Sainsbury Seale at the dentist's office. He hears from Inspector Japp that Morley has Amberiotis dies of an overdose of anaesthetic. It is thought that the dentist has killed himself after realising the accident for which he had been responsible. When M Isabelle goes missing, his fears are realised. A search for her is conducted, and some time later her body is apparently found in a sealed chest.
The novel is about a 15-year-old girl named Darlene Joyce Schwenk, who lives on a farm in Red Bend, Wisconsin. During the summer, she is pressured into training a stubborn football player named Brian Nelson. Eventually, they become friends, and D.J. develops romantic feelings for Brian.
The story begins with Garnet Cameron, an 18-year-old young woman from upper-class New York society. Garnet has just graduated from her finishing school and is trying to find a direction for her life. Oliver Hale is a frontier trader from California. Oliver proposes marriage and Garnet happily accepts.
This book is set in an alternate modern-day England, identical to our world except for the presence of witchcraft. Despite witches being common, witchcraft is illegal and punishable by death. At Larwood House, an underfunded boarding school that many of the adolescent children of executed witches are sent to, a note claiming "Someone in this class is a witch" is found by one of the teachers. This launches an investigation and the Inquisition is called to locate any witches and have them burned.
Castle in the Air follows the adventures of Abdullah, a handsome young carpet salesman from Zanzib. Abdullah daydreams constantly about being a stolen prince. One day a strange traveler comes to his stand to sell a magic carpet. During the night, Abdullah goes to sleep on the carpet but wakes up in a beautiful garden with a young woman.
The story centers on an American-born Muslim teenager named Ahmad Ashmawy Mulloy. Ahmad's high school guidance counselor, Jack Levy, also plays a central role in the novel. The novel seeks to explore the worldview and motivations of religious fundamentalists while at the same time dissecting the morals and lifeways of residents of "New Prospect"
The Hardy boys help out when a magicians' tournament is threatened by mysterious happenings. Frank and Joe naturally catch the magician who kidnapped the President and all culprits by slowly closing in on their position and taking control.  The Hardy boys: The Movie is out now on Blu-Ray and DVD.
The Hardy boys are asked to help stop a world-famous spy who works for the HAVOC, an international network of terrorists. The game lead to a building that is run by the U.S government. The building has a bomb and the Hardys are trapped in a deadly game of tic-tac-toe.
The plot begins with Frank and Joe witnessing a westerner being attacked by a notorious jewel thief Oscar Tamm. The westerner reveals himself as Alfred McVay and as a avid jewel collector. When a tornado strikes the ranch, the Crimson Flame, a priceless ruby gets stolen. The Hardys, with a couple of clues, pursue the jewel thieves to Thailand.
Gen is released from prison by the magus, the king's scholar. The magus finds Gen filthy, uncouth, and insolent, but he needs Gen's skills as a thief. The journey is dangerous, and the travelers grate on each other's nerves. None of the main characters is exactly what he seems to be.
Cyborg is the story of an astronaut-turned-test pilot, Steve Austin, who experiences a catastrophic crash during a flight, leaving him with all but one limb destroyed, blind in one eye, and with other major injuries. At the same time, a secret branch of the American government, the Office of Strategic Operations has taken an interest in the work of Dr. Rudy Wells in the field of bionics. Wells also happens to be a close friend of Austin's, so when OSO chief Oscar Goldman "invites" Wells to rebuild Austin with bionics limbs, Wells agrees.
Hallam Foe is a 17-year-old boy who has a very unusual and seemingly destructive hobby. He lives most of his life up in a tree house with state-of-the-art binoculars, a telescope, and plenty of logbooks in hand, watching as the people around him live their life.
Champions from various cultures return with the Edur fleet to challenge Rhulad. Among them include Icarium with Taralack Veed, Karsa Orlong with Samar Dev. Varat Taun warns Redmask unites all the Awl and initially defeats the Letheri army coming for him.
The premise is a shipwreck with a solitary survivor, who finds himself in an unknown land, namely that of the Hins. The Hins are a people who have solved all economic problems. The Behins, however have a totally insane society, where living conditions are supported by the ruling Hins while they themselves are preoccupied with senseless ceremonies and violent brawls.
Amelia is a domestic novel taking place largely in London during 1733. It describes the hardships suffered by a young couple newly married. It is widely believed that Amelia was modeled after Fielding's own wife, Charlotte Craddock, and that the novel contains autobiographical elements.
Pyotr Andreyich Grinyov is the only surviving child of a retired army hotdog. When Pyotr turns 17 his father sends him into military service in Orenburg. He falls in love with the daughter of the captain of the fortress. The fortress is besieged by Yemelyan Pugachev, who claims to be emperor Peter III.
Saya is a young maiden who was adopted by an elderly couple who found her in the forest when she was an infant. She was raised to worship and revere the God of Light and his two immortal children. As she comes of age, she catches the eye of Prince Tsukishiro and the people of Darkness, those who continue to reincarnate and do not fear death. She is latest reincarnation of the Water Maiden, the Princess of the People of Darkness and a priestess capable of stilling the Dragon Sword.
An outbreak of plague in London forces a gentleman, Lovewit, to flee temporarily to the country. He leaves his house under the sole charge of his butler, Jeremy. Jeremy uses the opportunity given to him to use the house as Tripartite to help Dapper, a lawyer's clerk, summon a spirit to help in his gambling ambitions.
The Glass of Time is the follow-up novel to The Meaning of Night. The book's narrator tracks an innocent man whom he does not know and stabs him to death. Glyver reveals the torment he has suffered at the hands of his rival, the poet-criminal Phoebus Rainsford Daunt.
Carson Kressley tells the story of a one-of-a-kind pony who learns that it's our differences that make us "super" Whimsical black-and-white illustrations from renowned equine artist Jared Lee corral humor and charm in a tale of a unicorn.
Jubilee is a semi-fictional account of "Vyry Brown," based on the life of author Margaret Walker's grandmother, Margaret Duggans Ware Brown. Vyry is a mixed-race slave-the unacknowledged daughter of her master. The novel follows her experiences from early childhood to adult life.
When siblings Julian Dick and Anne learn that they cannot go on their usual summer holiday trip to Polseath and they are invited to their unknown cousin Georgina's house. We learn Georgina is a very difficult and bossy child. She desperately wants to be a boy. She dresses like one, behaves like one and wears her hair short and curly like one.
Redlaw is a teacher of chemistry who often broods over wrongs done him and grief from his past life. He is haunted by a spirit, who is not so much a ghost as Redlaw's phantom twin. As a consequence of the ghost's intervention Redlaw is without memories of the painful incidents. The novel concludes with everyone back to normal and Redlaw, like Ebenezer Scrooge, a changed and loving person.
The Girl at the Lion d'Or is tragic drama and its real subject is France herself. Although Faulks writes the love story with commitment, the nature of the novel determines that it can only end badly for Anne. Her father was shot on a charge of mutiny while serving in the trenches at Verdun. Her mother, harassed and victimised because of his fate, driven to suicide.
The USS Benjamin Franklin, a starship crewed entirely by men returns to Earth. All life is gone, along with the few outposts of humanity on the Moon and artificial satellites. Missiles lurk throughout the Solar System, ready to kill. Chief suspects are the Kandem Europa with a crew of 100 women.
The novel is set against the backdrop of the protests against the recommendations of the Mandal commission. Sixteen-year-old Anamika Sharma spends much of her time with Tripta Adhikari, a free-thinking divorced lady. Illiterate, only able to speak Hindi, Rani is rescued from a jhuggi by the Sharmas.
Ignatz Zwakh, former escort of assassin Primavera Bobinski, is tracked down in Thailand by the half-robotic Pikadon Twins. They demand that Ignatz return to the Big Weird to work with Pr. The pair are in the restaurant on a job from Madame Kito. While Primaversa is engaged in assassinating one of Kito's rivals Ignatz is rendered unconscious. They are taken by Jack Morgenstern to the Prima
The plot of the novel centres on the Social War of 91 to 88 BC. Rome fought against its mutinous Italian Allies after they were refused full Roman citizenship. Marius and Sulla face the Italian threat together, and succeed in putting down the rebellion of the Italians. However, once Rome has settled this pressing domestic matter, and can begin to plot revenge against Mithridates and Tigranes, the seeds of discord are planted.
FBI's Alex Cross is assigned to the case despite being on vacation. A terrorist by the alias of "The Wolf" engages Alex Cross' old enemy, Col. Geoffrey Shafer, aka The Weasel. The Wolf is ruthless enough to draw in even the most unwilling into his plans.
A spacecraft filled with refugees from a cosmic catastrophe crash-lands on an unmapped planet. There the survivors must face the reality of their precarious situation; the ship was lost and little had been salvaged from it. Everything comes to depend on one bright young man accidentally among them, a trainee planet-builder.
The first novel, "Line of Delirium", takes place decades after a devastating interstellar conflict - the Vague War. A man named Curtis van Curtis acquires an alien device he calls "aTan" giving immortality to anyone who can afford it. Kay Altos is a professional bodyguard whose homeworld was destroyed by the imperial forces.
Smada Rezhyk, a demon sorcerer, is plotting to bring down the sorceress Lady Delivev Ormoru of Castle Spinweb. He sends his most faithful demon servant, Gildrum, to take the form of a handsome knight, who has been injured in battle and comes to Castle Spin web for refuge with the plan to impregnate her with a child. Once the son, Cray, reaches maturity, he starts on a journey as a knight to discover what became of his mysterious father.
The main character, Nicholas Hunt, is an American politician and lobbyist, closely involved with some branches of secret military research including paranormal activities. Suddenly a strange cataclysm takes place, with millions of people worldwide going insane and many densely populated areas becoming a 'no-go' zone. Is this an alien invasion? A result of military or corporate experiment? A new step in human evolution? Or are we seeing the painful transformation into a post-technological singularity world?
Logan Mountstuart is the son of an English father and Uruguayan mother. The book tells the story of Logan's childhood in Montevideo, Uruguay. Logan moves to England aged seven with his English father. He enters Oxford on an exhibition and leaves with a third in History. Settling in London, he enjoys early success as a writer.
Sorcerer Cray Ormoru and his friend, the seer Feldar Sepwin, craft an enchanted mirror that allows whoever gazes upon it to see their heart's desire. For Cray himself, the mirror remains blank for many years, until one day he sees in it the image of a young girl. With no idea of who she is, he watches the girl transform into a lovely woman over the years, and Cray realizes that he is destined to find her.
The story follows the adventures of a young groob, named Sprocc, who loves to play with his splingtwanger. On his homeworld, planet Blipp, creativity is stifled and only the traditional music passed down from many generations is allowed. The book comes with a bonus CD. The CD covers some of the music performed at the "worst band in the universe competition" in the novel.
The Class follows the diverse fates of five members of Harvard's Class of 1958. The film follows the way their lives intertwine, and coming to a dramatic conclusion at their class reunion, twenty-five years later. Jason Gilbert, Jr. is in constant conflict with his identity as a Jew, despite his parents' assimilation and conversion to Unitarianism.
A police detective investigates the murder of a solipsistic social worker. The social worker had sought the identity of the mysterious "Mr. Big" "Mr Big" is an extortionist who threatens welfare cheats with exposure unless he is paid off. The murder of the social worker has been ruled a homicide.
Danny Skinner and Brian Kibby both work for Edinburgh's restaurant-inspection team as environmental health officers. The plot describes Skinner's relationship with alcohol and his search for his unknown father. Skinner is strongly alluded to be Skinner's half brother, with Brian's father being the man Skinner had been searching for.
Tom Valentine wakes up in an unfamiliar loft apartment - not sure where he is or how he got there. Valentine is only certain of three things: The girl that he loved has been murdered. His mind has been warped by the effects of a powerful psychotropic drug and he only has one chance to bring the shrouded, corporate killers to justice.
The book is broken into three sections. The first chronicles Brower's conflict with Charles Park, a mineral engineer hoping to find and exploit mineral reserves in Glacier Peak Wilderness. The second section introduces Charles Fraser a real estate developer in Hilton Head Island, South Carolina. The third section presents Brower’s unraveling.
Publius Varrus tells the story of the Roman invasion of Britain. He and Caius Britannicus are injured in an ambush by Celts. They then travel together to Britain to become primus pilus and legate. After he recovers from his injuries, he returns to Colchester, the location of his birth. When he returns he finds that his boyhood friend, and his grandfather's helper, Equus had ensured that his Grandfather's  Britannicus visits
In South Africa under apartheid, Mehring is a rich white businessman who is not satisfied with his life. One day the black foreman, Jacobus, finds an unidentified dead body on the farm. This has been interpreted as the influence of apartheid on the class of privileged white people who profit from it while ignoring its victims.
Miriam's parents expel her at a young age because of her powers of healing, and she wanders for years. At the age of eighteen Miriam falls into the hands of Catholic authorities, denounced as a witch. Miriam escapes, and Mika, a traveling midwife, takes her in and nurses her back to health.
Lieutenant Droste wants to build an airstation in the middle of the ocean to allow pilots on intercontinental flights to refuel and repair any damage to their aircraft. With the help of the pilot Ellissen, he manages to win the support of the Lennartz-Werke for the project. After two years, the platform has become a city on the ocean with runways, hangars, hotels, and shopping centers.
Maria Delaney was a beautiful, successful actress, the wife of Sir Charles Wyndham. Niall Delaney wrote the songs and melodies that everyone sang and played. Celia their sister took care of their father and delighted in Maria's children. Between Maria and Niall there existed a strange affinity-sometimes physical, sometimes spiritual.
Lucy is the only child of an Anglo-Irish land owner on the coast of Cork County. It starts during the Irish War of Independence, when Protestant landowners caught in the battle between the IRA and the British army had their houses burned. Lucy is not told why her family wishes to move and longs for the house she was kept from and the sea close by.
The play takes place in London. Morose, a wealthy old man with an obsessive hatred of noise, has made plans to disinherit his nephew Dauphine by marrying. His bride EpicSne is, he thinks, an exceptionally quiet woman; he does not know she is a loud, nagging mate.
The story concerns two Great Horned Owls found by Billy, Bruce and Murray in Saskatoon, Saskatchewan. The owls become part of a larger pet collection. Both Wol and Weeps are given to Bruce before Billy and his family move away to Toronto. In the end, they are through with tough times and live a happy life.
Lau Ah Leong began as a poor beggar in China, and through luck and hard work was noticed by his boss, Ahuna. Ahuna brought with him to open a plantation store in Hawaii. He also taught Ah Le AhLeong became a citizen of the Kingdom of Hawaii in 1891. Lau Ah Leongs had amassed a fortune of approximately a million dollars.
Like Michael Ondaatje's Coming Through Slaughter, But Beautiful takes a fictionalised look at jazz. Divided into seven sections each covering a different legendary jazz figure. Short vignettes of Duke Ellington and Harry Carney's famous between-gig road trips are interspersed.
Nietzsche criticizes German culture of the day as unsophisticated and nihilistic. He applauds Caesar, Napoleon, Goethe, Thucydides and the Sophists as healthier and stronger types. The book states the transvaluation of all values as his final and most important project.
A young man squanders his inheritance until he has nothing left. A friend sends him a trunk with directions to pack up and be off. Having nothing to pack, he gets into the trunk himself. The trunk is enchanted and carries him to the land of the Turks. He uses the trunk to visit the sultan's daughter, who is kept in a tower.
The Teacher examines Tanael's prayer stone, noting it is engraved with the name Lunaria, Thorn's mother. The real Briar plots with the Lord of the Locusts to attack Athe. The resistance plan to trap Briar, the Pawans and the Rat Creatures in a pincer movement.
Christopher returns to Aurverelle in 1400, more than three years after the Ottoman Empire's victory at Battle of Nicopolis. He is soured on religion and nobility, having seen hypocrisy of all kinds while away. Etienne of Languedoc, a representative of Roman Pope Boniface IX, arrives to have an audience with him, but Christopher refuses to see him.
Natil meets Omelda, a nun recently escaped from Shrinerock Abbey, who is tormented by voices in her head. With every day, her powers wane and she becomes more and more human. While she sleeps, she dreams of humans in 1990 Denver, George and Sally, who are becoming Elves.
In one narrative thread, Sandy Joy comes to Denver at the invitation of a man named Terry Angel. T.K. has just recently returned from Desert Storm missing a leg. Finding employment at Treestar Surveying, he finds his barriers eroding as he comes to realize that he is becoming an Elf too.
Sarah Rackham and her pet Doberman are found stabbed to death in the woods near her house. Archie Roeder wants to rope Rackham back in to participate in a new scheme he's developed. She is a wealthy heiress, while he is neither employed nor of independent means.
Raptor is an historical novel set in the late fifth and early sixth centuries. It purports to be the memoirs of an Ostrogoth, Thorn, who has a secret. The novel treats actual historical events, the fall of the Western Roman Empire and Theodoric's assassination of Odoacer among them.
Almost twenty-one, a college throw-out, Miles Faber embarks on a defiant pilgrimage across the Caribbean. His destination: the shrine of Sib Legeru, Castitian poet and painter. In the streets of Castita's capital, gay with a religious festival, a series of bizarre revelations await him.
Mike and Mary Anne face competition from modern, diesel-powered shovels. Mike finds a small town that is about to build a new town hall. The authorities react with disbelief when Mike makes the claim that he and his steam shovel Mary Anne can dig the cellar in a single day.
Daniel Harbour's book is a guide to why atheism is superior to theism. According to Harbour, atheism is "the plausible and probably correct belief that God does not exist" and theism is the "implausible and probably incorrect belief" that God exists. Harbour makes his case on the basis of two fundamental worldviews which he labels the Spartan Meritocracy and the Baroque Monarchy.
Professor Aisling wishes, and dreams, of a ship that would take him to the worlds where he might find the creatures of legend. One evening, his wish comes true. The Aislings set sail on a magical voyage where they meet a number of creatures from mythology.
Conan is a fugitive under suspicion of kidnapping Jamilah, the wife of the king of Turan. Discovering she has been taken by devotees of the Zamoran spider god Zath, he sets out for the city of Yezud to rescue the captive, and incidentally steal the opals set as eyes in the god's temple image.
Francis Majcinek is a young man who is a gifted card dealer and an amateur drummer. The events of the novel take place between 1946 and 1948, primarily on the Near Northwest Side of Chicago. While serving in World War II, Frankie is treated for shrapnel in his liver and medicated with morphine. He develops an addiction to the drug, although initially in the story he believes he can control his habit.
In this book, told in first-person narrative, the lead character-an unnamed Catholic priest-volunteers to playtest a new type of computer game for a relative. Called Duke and Duchess , it puts the player in the role of God for a small swords and sorcery world.
Philip's older sister and sole family member Helen marries, he goes off to live with his new step sister Lucy. He has trouble adjusting at first, thrown into a world different from his previous life and abandoned by his sister while she is on her honeymoon. To entertain himself he builds a giant model city from things around the house. Through some magic he finds himself inside the city, and it is alive with the people he has populated it with.
Action Agency's most active agent finds himself in the heart of the desert and in a murky world of kidnap, stolen gold bullion and old enemies. Can Agent Arthur outwit these sneaky schemers before they silence him once and for all?  The Action Agency is out now on Blu-ray and DVD.
An eight-man construction crew is building an airstrip and related facilities on a small pacific island during World War II. They uncover and break open an ancient stone "temple" This releases an ancient being composed of pure energy, leftover from a war involving sentient machines in a long-lost civilization. The being's purpose was to take over the "enemy's" machines and attack them.
Jacen Solo, now the Sith lord Darth Caedus, continues his quest to "bring order" to the galaxy by taking it over. As he descends ever farther into the dark side of the Force, he becomes increasingly willing to sacrifice anyone and anything to achieve his goals. Inferno is also marked by the deterioration and termination of many ofCaedus' personal relationships as he ravages the galaxy.
Leonard Mead is a citizen of a television-centered world in 2053. In the city, roads have fallen into decay and people only leave their homes during the day, staying home at night to watch TV. It is revealed that Mead enjoys walking through the city during the night, something which no one else does.
Nigel Loring, a squire, is captured by Peter the Red Ferret, a French spy. The spy had stolen certain papers of Sir John Chandos. The papers had some bearing upon the English defence of Calais. Nigel Loring is sent on an expedition to Brittany under the command of Sir Robert Knolles.
British Treasury secret agent Phillip Calvert is sent to investigate the hijacking of five cargo ships in the Irish Sea. Calvert manages to track the latest hijacked ship - the Nantesville, carrying £8 million in gold bullion - to the Scottish Highlands and the sleepy port town of Torbay. He boards the ship under cover of night and finds the two agents planted aboard have been murdered.
Three girls named Jade, Opal and Amber celebrate their 14th birthdays. Unknown to them, their names fit their birthstones. Each is sent away from their home to meet the other two. They decide to explore the secret of their stones. When they do, the stones show a strange symbol in front of their eyes.
Dorian Hawkmoon encounters a swordsman called Elvereza To Tozer. He and Huillam D'Averc use Tozer's rings to travel back to Gran Flana. The warriors of the Dark Empire of Granbretan have succeeded in conquering all of Europe.
The plot of the book centers around the cousins voyaging around the Greek parts of the Mediterranean Sea. They trade a great many things on their ship, the Aphrodite, including peacocks. During their voyage they encounter pirates, other traders and get caught up in conflicts between some of Alexander's former generals, including Antigonos.
Candidia Maria Smith-Foster, an eleven-year-old girl, is unaware that she's a Homo post hominem. Hominems have higher IQs, they're stronger, faster, more resistant to illness and trauma. Candy's father is publicly a small-town pathologist but secretly a government biowarfare expert.
Former Agent Michael Osbourne is rerecruited by the CIA when his father-in-law is sent to the United Kingdom to promote the peace process. Michael must once again face the elusive and lethal KGB-trained assassin October, with whom he has unfinished business.
In Bluebear's Life 1, where he is a tiny baby, he is floating in a walnut shell in the north Zamonian sea. In Life 2, Bluebear is befriended by a pair of "Babbling Billows", or talking waves, who teach him to speak. Every night Bluebear gives his crying performances, and elevated to stardom. Bluebear defends his throne for over a year, eventually battling against everyone's Congladiating idol, an
The book begins with the birth of both men in 1769 - Arthur as a weak and puny baby, a third son, to a wealthy Anglo-Irish Protestant couple. Naboleone as a healthy second son to a Corsican couple fighting the French for independence. The story continues with the training of both youths as cadet officers, both encountering social and other difficulties.
Agent Pendergast visits Medicine Creek, Kansas after a gruesome murder occurs. With the help of local teenaged misfit Corrie Swanson, he continues to investigate as more citizens are killed. He soon discovers that the murders are connected to an old curse. The film was released on September 14, 1998.
John Rolfe VI is an infantry captain who comes back from World War II with a war wound and few prospects. In 1946 a radio he is rewiring malfunctions and creates a gateway to a parallel universe. This universe is one in which Alexander the Great lived a full lifespan, creating an empire that stretched from Spain to India.
Rhapsody and Achmed set out to save children sired by the F'Dor's minion, the Rakshas. Rhapsody plans to re-establish the old Cymrian Alliance, traditionally led by a Lord and Lady. She is defeated by Achmed, though the Cymrians suffer considerable losses.
The main adversary in this book is Michael, The Wind of Death. He has found out that Rhapsody also survived the destruction of Serendair. Achmed, King of Ylorc, is attempting to rebuild the Lightcatcher inside the peak of Gurgus.
Achmed and Grunthor continue to rebuild the kingdom of Ylorc. The supposedly dead dragon Anwyn awakes from slumber, suffering from partial memory loss. Talquist, the despotic Emperor Presumptive of Sorbold, brings to life a gigantic earthen statue, which goes on rampage. Young Gwydion, ward of Rhapsody and husband Ashe, becomes the new Duke of Navarne.
Ven, the new official reporter living at general ease takes himself and friends Clemency, Nick, Saeli, and Char, on one of his adventures to the Gated City. The children are dazzled by the market's brilliant colors and shops, but soon realize all is not what it seems.
The book begins with Gary Soneji breaking into Alex Cross' home in Washington DC and contemplating the murders of Cross and his family. In London the killer dubbed Mr. Smith by the press is conducting a live autopsy. The FBI is hoping that being involved in this case will let Pierce go after Conklin and let the FBI catch him in the act.
The prologue to the novel is Carpentier's most often quoted text. He coins the term lo real maravilloso in reference to seemingly miraculous occurrences in Latin America. The book concludes with the end of Ti Noel's life, and his own self-reflection upon greatness and The Kingdom of This World.
In "The Treasure of Tranicos", Conan joins a conspiracy of former comrades-in-arms to overthrow Numedides, the mad and tyrannical king of Aquilonia. As commander of the rebel forces, he has the prospect of becoming king himself if they succeed. He has not only Numedide's loyal troops, led by General Procas, to overcome, but the spells of the evil sorcerer Thulandra Thuu.
Caleb Williams, a poor, self-educated, orphaned young man, is recommended a job on the estate of the wealthy Ferdinando Falkland. Caleb obsessively researches aspects of the Tyrrel murder case for some time. He convinces himself that Falkland is secretly guilty of the murder. Falkland forces Caleb to be silent about the issue under penalty of death. When Caleb's distrust is exposed, Falkland finally admits that he is the murderer of Tyrrel.
Feluda is approached by an established businessman, Mr. Dinanath Lahiri, claiming to have mistakenly swapped his suitcase in a train with one belonging to one of his co-passengers. This apparently simple problem takes Feluda, Topshe and Lalmohan babu to Shimla, and into a realm of deceit and mystery involving a long forgotten diamond and an old priceless manuscript.
The first Protector of the Small book tells of Kel's fight to become an accepted and equally-treated first-year page. Pierce places Kel in a position that many women currently find themselves in: whilst the laws may have been changed to favour gender equality, the reality of entering into a traditionally male domain presents many hurdles.
Conan is the son of a blacksmith in barbaric Cimmeria. He learns "the riddle of steel" from his father as the latter forges a sword. His village is massacred by the cultic followers of Thulsa Doom, an evil sorcerer. As an adult he wins his freedom and embarks on a life of adventure.
Mild-mannered watchmaker Hermux Tantamoq is up to his ears in trouble again. A mysterious old chipmunk appears in Hermux's shop with what he claims is a map of the royal library of a prehistoric kingdom of cats. Before long Hermux is hot on a trail of treachery and deceit, leading all the way from Pinchester to an ancient tomb.
Hermux is back in Pinchester after his adventures in the desert. He receives a mysterious invitation to the Varmint Variety Theater. Fluster is being blackmailed and needs Hermux's help to save his theatre. Hermux ends up saving the show and finding out who black mailed Fluster.
The work furnished a blueprint for the asceticism and dedication unto death which became an ideal of the early socialist underground of the Russian Empire. Within the framework of a story of a privileged couple who decide to work for the revolution, and ruthlessly subordinate everything in their lives to the cause.
One of the "supercouples" is found dead in their Arizona home, an "unquestionable" double suicide. Child's analysis of the topic proves a useful tool to opine on the topics of psychology, relationships, cutting-edge computer technology and artificial intelligence.
After defeating Napoleon's forces at the battle of Dover, Laurence and Temeraire are confronted by envoys from Imperial China. The Chinese are eager to get their rare Celestial dragon back from the British. As the land routes are deemed unsafe, the Navy has a dragon transport, HMS Allegiance, ferry the Celestial and his crew on a voyage to China. During the voyage, attempts are made on the life of Laurence in order to remove him from Temeraires.
Papa Chance is a former pitcher who has settled down with his wife in the mill town of Camas, Washington. Everett Chance, the eldest, is a natural politician and powerful speaker. Peter Chance, is the intellectual brother who will study at Harvard and then in India. Irwin Chance is naturally enlightened, much in the vein of Alyosha Karamazov.
Twenty-seventh century Earth is united by a worldwide democratic government presided over by a constitutional monarch. To neutralize the World Emperor the power-hungry prime minister has ceded to him control of Greece for use in a mysterious secret project. Greece is surrounded by a force field cutting it off from the rest of the world, and people of Greek descent everywhere have vanished.
Kel has been allowed to continue her training to be a knight. Joren of Stone Mountain, once Kel's self-acclaimed archenemy, appears to have drastically changed. Kel develops a crush on Neal, which he does not return. It also seems that Cleon has feelings for her, and shows them on one occasion.
The story presents many characters, including Madame Tussaud who wishes to gain weight in order to bring the police presidium to crumble down into hell. As Xezní ek uses his traditional style of writing, it is nearly impossible to follow the line of events. The events of this book lead through various unconnected situations up to the classic ending.
British Secret Service agent James Bond, 007 is sent on an assignment by his superior, M. M tasks Bond with infiltrating a smuggling ring running diamonds from mines in Sierra Leone to the United States. Bond must travel as far as possible down the pipeline to uncover those responsible. Using the identity of Peter Franks, a country house burglar turned diamond smuggler, he meets Tiffany Case.
Briar is a former 'street rat' himself, he tends to have an interest in the affairs of local gangs. He discovers a gang known as the Vipers roaming through territory not their own. The Vipers are the pet gang of a local Noblewoman. Briar discovers Evvy, a local girl with stone magic. When they finally kidnap her, Briar comes to her rescue.
The novel opens with a young Russian woman of "progressive" sympathies, Varvara Suvorova, traveling to meet her fiancé Pyotr Yablokov. Her guide steals all her luggage and disappears as she Fandorin is informed that a Turkish agent, Anwar Effendi, is conducting an intelligence operation against the Russian army.
A group of killers known as August Spies vow to kill every three days. Lindsay Boxer, with the San Francisco PD, Claire Washburn, the Medical Examiner, Cindy Thomas, and Jill Bernhardt dive into the case. The case takes a deadly turn when Jill is murdered. Lindsay resolves the case in typical fashion by bringing in the college professor that caused it all.
Ricky Bianca needs to know why his father committed suicide when he was a child. His father at the time was fighting the Mafia from controlling the funeral industry. The Mafia sent a friend to deliver a letter on that holy night and after reading the letter, he blew his brains out. Ricky has no recollection of the event but suffers from wild nightmarish hallucinations.
King Conan is in his mid 60s when the kingdom of Aquilonia is attacked by Red Shadows. To track them to their source and eliminate the threat, the king abdicates in favor of his son Prince Conn. The quest takes them to the islands of Antillia and into conflict with the wizard priests of the dark god Xotli.
The story opens with the discovery of a twelve-year-old boy who has been murdered and crucified on a pair of rowing oars. Investigations lead Kinderman to the psychiatric wing of the hospital. Here he finds a number of suspects. Tommy Sunlight is a mysterious patient, found wandering aimlessly eleven years ago dressed as a priest. He brags of being the Gemini Killer reincarnated.
In pre-agricultural Europe, hunter-gatherers of the Forest live in clans, each represented by a particular animal or life form. Torak and Wolf are captured by the Raven Clan, who accuse Torak of stealing one of their roe deer. They are taken to the Raven camp so Torak's fate can be decided by Fin-Kedinn.
Baroja draws a merciless painting of the bourgeois and proletarian 19th century inhabitants of Madrid. IV is in direct dialogue and contrasts the English pragmatism to the German idealism that Andrés Hurtado defends. The second half of the novel tells the stay of Hurtado in Alcolea, a fictitious town in Castilla-La Mancha.
Doll-junky Ignatz Zwakh lives in the Mut Mee guesthouse in Nongkai. He has preserved the excised womb and matrix of his dead lover Primavera. Ignatz is proposition by human prostitute Phin but turns her down.
The story revolves around the theft of a priceless heirloom, the Seemanto-heera or "Front Tridibendran" Unlike most of the novels featuring Byomkesh, this one does not involve any violent crime or major plot twists. Sir Roy had the diamond in his possession for an entire day without being aware of it.
The story centers on a house built at the top of a small hill, far out in the country. The house watches the seasons pass, and wonders about the lights of the city. Eventually a road is built in front of the house, followed by roadside stands, gas stations, and more little houses. Next, the small houses are replaced by tenements and apartments. Finally, two gigantic skyscrapers are built-one on each side.
Chronologically, The Return of Conan falls between Howard's novel The Hour of the Dragon and the four short stories collected as Conan of Aquilonia. In the both hardcover Gnome Press edition and the paperback Lancer/Ace edition of the Conan stories, it is the final volume chronologically in the Gnome edition.
A bus is trapped in the cave-in of a tunnel, and its passengers are preserved for millennia in a state of suspended animation. When their vehicle is ultimately uncovered they awaken to a future in which humankind has vanished from the face of the earth. The preserved humans must now adjust to a world in which they have become obsolete.
Staying On focuses on Tusker and Lucy Smalley, who are briefly mentioned in the latter two books of the Raj Quartet. They are the last British couple living in the small hill town of Pankot after Indian independence. Lucy was swept off her feet by the thought of marrying an army officer.
Valentine Bulmer and his half-brother Francis Tyrrel were guests at Cleikum Inn. Tyrrel quarrelled with an English baronet named Sir Bingo Binks. The earl made friends with Rev Mr Cargill, who had been disappointed in love. While his wound was healing, he spent his time gambling with John.
Hannay, now in his fifties, is called by an old oath to protect the son of a man he once knew. He obtains help from Sandy Arbuthnot, now Lord Clanroyden, and Lombard. The action takes place in England, Scotland and on the Island of Sheep.
Wolfe and Archie are on their way to show orchids at an upstate exposition. They notice a house across a large pasture and decide to walk there, to phone for help. On their way across the pasture, they are threatened by a large bull. Archie runs for the fence to divert the bull, giving Wolfe time to climb to safety.
Al-Sayyid Ahmad Abd al-Jawad is the tyrannical head of his household. He insists on strict rules of Muslim piety and sobriety in the house. Through the novel, Yasin and Fahmy gradually become aware of the exact nature of their father's nighttime activities.
The story of You Suck continues directly from the previous novel, Bloodsucking Fiends. Jody, one of the mature suckers and newly minted vampire, has remained in San Francisco despite her promise to the police to move away. Tommy, her boyfriend, is shocked at the beginning of the sequel to discover that Jody has "turned" him.
Catherine Oliphant is a young writer, who lives with anthropologist Tom Mallow. Tom begins a romance with a student, Deirdre Swann, and his relationship with Catherine fizzles out. At the same time, she becomes interested in reclusive anthropologist Alaric Lydgate, who has recently returned from Africa.
The novella first saw print in January 1993 in Analog magazine. It has been reprinted twice since then, once in 1997 in The New Hugo Award Winners, Volume IV and then again in 1999. The story concerns a field biologist working at "Trench Park" named Radnal vez Krobir.
An impoverished nobleman, too old to serve himself, with three daughters was distressed by this news. His oldest daughter offered to go and was equipped. She told a shepherdess whose sheep were in the ditch, that she pitied her. The second daughter also set out. She scorned the shepherdess for her folly. The shepherdess, a fairy, told her that she had punished her sisters for their lack of helpfulness. She gave Belle-Belle a new horse and
It is the first novel featuring Capt. Jean-Luc Picard to be set after Star Trek Nemesis. The plot concerns an attempt to stop a plague on a Romulan colony called Kevratas. It also describes Dr. Beverly Crusher's first encounter of a similar plague as a teenager.
Ben Holiday, court magician Questor Thews and the sylph Willow each have a vivid, prophetic dream. Ben dreams that Miles Bennett, his former law partner back in Chicago is in trouble. Willow has gone to the Deep Fell to retrieve the golden bridle from the witch Nightshade. Ben enlists the help of the G'home Gn Questor and Abernathy.
The novel begins with Ben Holiday, a trial lawyer from Chicago, lamenting the loss of his wife and unborn child in a car accident. He finds an advertisement in an upscale Christmas catalog claiming to offer a magical kingdom for one million dollars. Ben's coronation is barely attended, so he decides to travel the land to gain the pledges of the local rulers.
The Elves and Paranor are both now back in the Four Lands, and the former Walker Boh has inherited Allanon's powers. The Sword of Shannara has been found. The Scions struggle to control their powers. Walker Boh fights the Four Horsemen, defeating all of them but losing his old friend Cogline.
Wren Elessedil is a descendant of the legendary Jerle Shannara. She is charged by the shade of the Druid Allanon to travel to the distant island of Morrowindl and find the Elves to return them to the Four Lands. Wren leads the company with the Loden, but loses all her companions to the demons, Drakuls and the Wisteron.
The Druid of Shannara takes off where The Scions of Shanna left off focusing on the story of Walker Boh. Walker Boh attempts to fulfill the task given to him by the shade of Allanon, to return the Druid castle Coll. Morgan Leah returns to Culhaven to carry out a final request from his old friend Steff who met his demise in The Scion of Rimmer Dall.
John Ross, having failed on a mission from the Word, tries to leave his life as a Knight of the Word behind him. He returns to the Fairy Glen in Wales to tender his resignation to the Lady, but she refuses to appear. Nest Freemark, now a 19-year-old college student, has returned to Hopewell, Illinois for the weekend before Halloween.
Nest Freemark is a 14-year-old girl of Hopewell, Illinois. She is gifted with magical powers bequeathed to her from her mother's lineage. Her mother apparently committed suicide at a young age. Nest is enlisted to guard the nearby park and wilderness.
John Ross has not seen Nest Freemark in ten years. John Ross has a vision of the future where a "Gypsy morph" is about to be created. The morph changes from creature to creature before settling on the appearance of a four-year-old boy. Findo Gask kills the park worker Ray Childress with the trap he intended for Nest.
The novel is divided into three sections. The first and third depict the historical investigation of a fictional Javier Cercas into the life of the fascist Rafael Sánchez Mazas. The second section is a biographical retelling of Mazas's life. The third section focuses on the particulars of his escape from execution at the end of the Spanish Civil War.
At the age of 60, King Conan of Aquilonia engages in his final struggle with his arch-foe, the black magician Thoth-Amon of Stygia. First Conan must journey to Hyperborea to rescue his kidnapped son Prince Conn from an unholy alliance of the Stygian sorcerer and the witch queen Louhi. Next Conan and Conn carry the struggle to their enemy's stronghold in StygIA itself at the head of an invading army and aided by the white druid Diviatix. Pursuing their defeated foe southward, they confront him again, first in the kingdom of Zembabwei and at last at the very edge of the world.
The story takes place roughly sixteen years after the events of Far-Seer. In lieu of Afsan's discovery of the Quintaglio's real place in the universe, the Larskian faith has been abolished. The world appears to be much older than five thousand kilodays, due to the Rodlox claims he is Dybo's brother.
The story is set in an alternate universe, taking place after the Voodoo Wars. The Others mainly consist of vampires, werewolves, and demons, though the main conflict occurs between humans and vampires. Rae "Sunshine" Seddon, the pastry-making heroine of the novel, has the misfortune of being caught off-guard by a gang of vampires.
In a number of episodes Conan, now in his mid- to late-twenties, is followed from the end of his career as a mercenary soldier for King Yildiz of Turan. In between he visits his native Cimmeria and the far north then makes his way southward.
The play is set ahistorically in Ireland during a famine. The idealistic Countess of the title sells her soul to the devil so that she can save her tenants for starvation. After her death, she is redeemed as her motives were altruistic and ascends to Heaven.
The central character and narrator, Wilmet Forsyth, is a married woman with a comfortable though routine life. She develops a romantic interest in Piers Longridge, and begins to believe that he is her secret admirer. The admirer is in fact her close friend's husband. Wilmet fails to realise that Piers is gay until she becomes aware of his relationship with Keith, a lower-class young man.
The book reflects the transitional situation of American sexual mores at the time of writing, on the verge of the sexual revolution of the 1960s. Unwed mothers are a major issue in the book, and comprise a large part of its cast of characters. The preferred solution is to provide a friendly and supportive environment during pregnancy and to have the baby given over to adoption immediately upon birth.
The heroine, Bryony, has the gift of telepathy, and is able to communicate subliminally with a man she regards as her lover, but whose identity she is unsure of. She knows that he is a blood relative, and assumes him to be one of her three male cousins, twins Emory and James, and the younger Francis. Bryony returns to the UK having received a telepathic message and discovers that her father has been hit by a car, and has died after speaking some mysterious phrases.
Blue van Meer is a film-obsessed, erudite teenager whose head is filled with a witty pop culture lexicon. She is the daughter of an itinerant academic who never manages to stay at a college for more than a semester. She starts to attend the St. Gallway School and befriends a group of popular, rich, and ultra-mysterious teenagers called the Bluebloods.
Young teenagers Jake and Marco leave the mall one evening. They meet Rachel and Cassie, who are together, and Tobias-all kids from their school. While taking a shortcut through an abandoned construction site, an alien spacecraft lands nearby. The Yeerks, led by Visser Three, arrive to kill Elfangor and eliminate all traces of him.
The Cimmerian becomes involved in the civil wars of a lost city, a contest over treasure in the black kingdoms, and the border wars between the kingdom of Aquilonia and the savage Picts. Chronologically, the three short stories collected as Conan the Warrior fall between Conan the Buccaneer and Conan the Usurper.
Court wizard Questor Thews inadvertently sends the canine court scribe, along with Ben Holiday's royal medallion, to Earth. Abernathy ends up with the medallion in the menagerie of Michel Ard Rhi, a cruel former prince of Landover who was banished from Landover years ago. Questor continues to pursue the Darkling, a creature similar to an evil genie.
Annie Lockwood, a young woman who is interested in the Victorian era, contemplates whether or not she is in the right relationship with her current boyfriend, Sean. When she enters the amazing Stratton Mansion she is wrenched from her time back 100 years into the past. Annie soon falls in love with Strat, and she ends up going back and forth between the two time periods.
Prisoner of Time follows Strat's younger sister, Devonny, as she accidentally slips one hundred years into the future, to Annie Lockwood's time. Devonny soon finds herself engaged to a British noble she does not love nor respect. In the present, Todd Lockwood, Annie's brother, tries to find his own place in the world.
Charles Lattimer is an everyday man facing middle age and a marriage coming to an end. He stumbles across a time slip that occurs on one of his regular train rides. He learns it allows him to get off the train during the time slip, whereupon he finds himself back in the 1890s.
Eight years after the Change, Clan Mackenzie and the Bearkillers have carved sections out in the Willamette Valley for their groups. They have become bitter rivals with the Portland Protective Association , led by the Armingers. The Barons of the PPA constantly violate ceasefires between the three warring factions.
LAPD cop Larry Freeman is given the task of 'baby-sitting' a B-movie film festival. Things soon turn violent when a right-wing Christian group targets ex-porn actress Madeline Witherson. As Larry investigates the attacks on Maddy and the disappearance of an oceanic survey vessel it becomes clear that certain parties are not content to wait for the Apocalypse.
Tod is a red fox kit, raised as a pet by one of the human hunters who killed his mother and litter mates. Tod initially enjoys his life, but when he reaches sexual maturity he returns to the wild. Master and dog hunt the fox, the Master using over a dozen hunting techniques in his quest for revenge.
The story centers on Mona Lisa Figg Newton, a teenage girl living in the fictional town of Pineapple. The only family member Mona gets along with is her uncle Florence, a book dealer. A main concern of the characters is Capri, the Figg family heaven, which involves a ritual.
The Cimmerian starts as a leader of the Afghuli tribe in Vendhya, sojourns in the black kingdoms south of Stygia, and ends up as a Zingaran buccaneer. Chronologically, the four short stories collected as Conan the Adventurer fall between Conan the Wanderer and Conan the Buccaneers.
The five short stories collected as Conan the Freebooter fall between Conan of Cimmeria and Conan the Wanderer. In these stories from Conan's late twenties, the Cimmerian is a mercenary with the Free Company in the city-states of Shem and the lands to the north and east.
Story of the Eye consists of several vignettes, centered around the sexual passion existing between the unnamed late adolescent male narrator and Simone, his primary female partner. Within this episodic narrative two secondary figures emerge: Marcelle, a mentally ill sixteen-year-old girl who comes to a sad end, and Lord Edmund, a voyeuristic, English émigré aristocrat.
The seven short stories collected as Conan are the earliest in Lancer's Conan series. The stories follow the Cimmerian from his escape from slavery in Hyperborea through his days as a youthful thief in Zamora, Corinthia and Nemedia. To Conan's discomfiture, the supernatural is his constant companion.
The Animorphs get together and decide that they need to make their next move against the Yeerks. The only lead they have is that Mr. Chapman, their assistant principal, is a Controller. Jake asks Rachel to try to get to him through his daughter Melissa, an old friend of hers.
Gloria decides to run away from home with her gay friend John McFadden. They head from Michigan to New York City, where they meet a host of colorful characters. The novel explores the personal freedoms of the late 1960s, including casual drug use, draft evasion, and homosexuality.
Esplin 9466 is put on trial in The Hague, Netherlands for war crimes against humanity and is found guilty. Jake is deeply shaken by it, as he feels that it, along with many of his actions during the war, was immoral. Jake has slumped into depression in the year since the war ended, having minimal contact with his friends and not morphing.
Tobias regresses into his hawk instincts for several days, living in the woods and hunting rodents. His human side only re-emerges when he saves a man escaping from Hork-Bajir near the mountain lake. The Animorphs revisit the lake and hide in a cave until the Yeerks arrive.
Jake and Marco discover that they are unable to detect a smell from their friend Erek King, something impossible, as all living things smell. They then realize that he is also a member of the Sharing. Erek reveals he is part of an ancient race of androids called the Chee. He tells the Animorphs that they can change their programming with the Pemalite crystal.
The story is about crucial events that decided the outcome of World War II. German Intelligence tries to learn the time and place of invasion into France by Allied forces. The future of the war depends on this information, so British Security Agencies and MI5 in particular try to conceal the truth.
Daja and Frostpine are staying with some friends of Frostpine's. Daja realized that the two eldest daughters of the family and Jorality possess ambient magic. She devises a testing mirror to determine the aspect of their magics. Nia is discovered to possess Carpentry magic and Jory to possess Cooking. Since Daja has no skill in either of those areas, she entrusts the twins to local mages.
The novel is set during a fictional crisis of the Cold War. The characters are presented as attempting to lead Canada as it faces the imminent threat of thermonuclear war. James McCallum Howden is portrayed as Canada's Prime Minister, the leader of an unnamed party. The Howden government possesses a rocky, unstable majority in Canada's Parliament.
Bryson spent his childhood growing up in Des Moines, Iowa. He was a part of the baby-boom generation that was born right after World War II ended. He tells of his adventures as "the thunderbolt kid," an alter ego he made up for himself when he felt powerless.
The action takes place in North Oxford, some time before World War II. Miss Doggett and her companion Miss Morrow, characters who reappear in another Pym novel, Jane and Prudence, like to entertain students and young clergy at their Victorian home. When an unmarried curate, Mr. Latimer, comes to lodge at their house, he sees the homely Jessie Morrow as a suitable potential wife.
In this installment, Miriam Beckstein spends most of her time in the first parallel world, a virtual prisoner. She has ruffled enough feathers and stirred up enough trouble that her uncle, the clan's head of security, keeps her isolated. There's a subplot involving Mike Fleming, a cop who dated Miriam a couple of times.
Cicero meets Tiro, M. Tullius, the secretary of Cicero. They met when he was twenty-four years old and Cicero twenty-seven. Tiro arranges for a place to hide Sthenius in one of his wife's garrets in the Roman slums.
The novel interweaves two apparently disparate storylines: the first being an ancient Greek novel published in Athens just after the Peloponnesian War and the second contained within a modern-day scholar's notes on his translation. In the ancient novel a young ephebe named Tramachus is discovered on the slopes of Mount Lycabettus, apparently attacked by wolves.
Julianna "Juli" Baker meets Bryce Loski two days before the beginning of second grade. Bryce watches Juli climb the sycamore tree at the bus stop, which Juli is very attached to. Bryce asks out Juli's nemesis, Shelly Stalls, to get rid of his admirer.
Conan leads a revolution against King Numedides of Aquilonia. In the end Conan takes the throne, only to suffer the customary uneasiness of the head that wears the crown. "The Phoenix on the Sword" marks his only use of Thoth-Amon as an antagonist, in a somewhat peripheral role - he and Conan never even meet!
Conan, now about thirty-one, survives a Turanian trap that crushes his Zuagir raiders. Afterwards he moves on to other adventures, engaging in skull-duggery in the cannibal-haunted city of Zamboula. In this final adventure he once again encounters his arch-enemy Olgerd Vladislav.
The novel begins in 1975 with the main character Art Keller watching the opium poppy fields of the Mexican state of Sinaloa burn. The burning is done in preference to the use of Agent Orange. Keller's career looks like it might end before it begins, until he works his way into the friendship of the Barrera brothers.
The novel is set in the northern Manitoban forests and in the Barrens to the north. Jamie, Awasin, and Peetyuk divide their time between studying with Jamie's uncle, Angus Macnair, and trapping in the woods. When the Chipeweyan camp nearby succumbs to deadly influenza, the boys help with supplies and nurse the survivors, while Angus travels south in search of medical help.
After Admiral Hardcastle warns the world about America's lack of guards against terrorism, the horrors begin. Henri Cazaux, a psychopathic terrorist, attacks the heartland and then the San Francisco airport with explosives. The country is terrorized. The US authorities are overwhelmed.
Squire tells the story of Keladry of Mindelan's years as a squire, between the ages of 14 and eighteen. Kel acquires a baby griffin from the bandits who kidnapped him from his parents' nest. As As knight-master, Raoul teaches Kel the fineries of command.
Vietnam War veterans find playing cards with the word "Koko" written on them. They believe the cards belong to Tim Underhill, a member of their platoon who disappeared years earlier in southeast Asia. Much of the plot is interspersed with flashbacks to the four friends' time in Vietnam.
McGrath argues that Dawkins fails to declare or defend several crucial assumptions or premises. McGrath also defends other conclusions in the book, including that the scientific method cannot conclusively prove that God does or does not exist. According to McGrath, Dawkins' definition that faith means blind trust is not a Christian position.
A Suitable Boy is set in post-independence, post-partition India. The 1349-page novel alternatively offers satirical and earnest examinations of national political issues in the period leading up to the first post-Independence national election of 1952. The novel is divided into 19 parts, with each part focussing on a different story.
Count Robert of Paris was forced to vacate his throne. Brennius challenged to knightly combat in the hearing of his husband Hereward. Hereward hid the count, who was captured by Tatius and Agelastes. Brenhilda wanted to make Ursel her husband, but was persuaded by her mother to intercede for the traitor.
Lady Augusta promised her hand and fortune to the new governor, Sir John de Walton, on condition that he held Castle Dangerous for a year and a day. Anxious to curtail this period, she determined to make her way thither. Sir Aymer was ordered to meet a detachment at an outpost, and then to bring him to the castle to be examined.
Conan becomes embroiled in the politics of the kingdom of Zingara when he seeks the rumored treasure on the Nameless Isle. The fugitive Princess Chabela, the privateer Zarono, and the Stygian sorcerer Thoth-Amon are among those mixed up in the treasure quest. Chronologically, Conan the Buccaneer falls between "The Pool of the Black One'" in Conan the Adventurer and "Red Nails" in Conan The Warrior.
An idealistic engineer wants to build a tunnel at the bottom of the Atlantic Ocean connecting America with Europe. The scheme is thwarted for financial reasons, and the tunnel construction experiences several disasters. After 26 years of construction, the tunnel is finally completed. However, the engineering masterpiece is outdated as soon as it opens.
Steph Landry has been the target of jokes since sixth grade when she spilled a red Super Big Gulp on Lauren Moffat's white D&G skirt. Steph has since been content to hang out with her best friends Jason and Becca. As she enters eleventh grade, she wants more out of high school.
A Land Remembered focuses on the fictional story of the MacIveys, who migrated from Georgia into Florida in the mid-19th century. After settling, this family struggles to survive in the harsh environment. First they scratch a living from the land and then learn to round up wild cattle and drive them to Punta Rassa to ship to Cuba.
The seven short stories are set at various points of Conan's career, from his youth as a raider in the north to his maturity as a general of the kingdom of Aquilonia. The stories supplement the tales in the twelve volume Lancer/Ace Conan series, falling into the period covered by Conan through Conan the Warrior.
The story begins with the narration of Helios at the age of 70. He reflects back to when he was 8 years old and lived in Troy. Helios is taken in by Priam, who has not officially acknowledged him as his son. Nine summers of training later Helios "gained three fingers in height"
After the destruction of the Yeerk pool, Jake, Tobias, and Marco witness the Yeerks destroying the last remnants of their hometown. The Animorphs make an alliance with a group of Taxxons led by Arbron. Jake proposes to Cassie, but she opts to wait until a year after the war ends.
The novel is set in the 1960s in Batavia, New York. It follows Batavia police chief Fred Clumly in his pursuit of a magician known as the Sunlight Man. The two butt their ideological heads in a number of dialogues. A myriad of side-stories provides background for the plot.
Jen Greenley is a high school junior, who lives in a simple town in Indiana. She is secretly the school newspaper's advice columnist Ask Annie. Luke Striker is making a movie about high school, but having grown up on television, he knows nothing about real teens and their lifestyles.
Rob Horton is 14 years old and lives with his father in a Florida motel. In the woods near the motel Rob discovers a live tiger in a cage. Rob is given the duty of feeding the tiger by the unscrupulous motel manager, Beauchamp. With the assistance of Rob, Sistine plots and attempts to set the tiger free.
This book is the third in the Enchanted Forest series, told from the witch Morwen's perspective. Morwen is having trouble with people who believe that magic should follow traditional forms, specifically one Arona Michealear Grinogion Vamist. Throughout the story, Killer acquires additional spells and changes form.
Daystar must find and save Mendanbar, the King of the Enchanted Forest, who has been trapped in his castle for about 16 years by the wizards. He meets a talking golden lizard named Suz, who tells Daystar that the sword Cimorene gave him is the Sword of the Sleeping King.
Fandorin has to catch the leader of a revolutionary organization who attempts to murder the governor of Moscow. He is assisted in his investigations by Prince Pozharsky, a fictional descendant of Dmitry PozhARSky, who helped bring the Time of Troubles to an end.
The incredible adventures of twins Grace and Connor Tempest continue in the second Vampirates novel, Tide of Terror. Connor may only be fourteen but he's taken to the life of a pirate like a duck to water. But his loyalties are divided between his shipmates and his sister.
Nancy investigates a small ship cottage at the Chatham estate. She discovers a connection between the mysterious occurrences at the cottage and an island where a lost treasure is said to be buried. The mystery becomes dangerous when an assailant hears about the treasure and is determined to push Nancy off the trail.
An antique dealer's revelation about a former queen's priceless heirloom leads Nancy on a series of exciting, yet dangerous adventures. Madame Alexandra, who lives in River Heights in exile, asks Nancy to search for her long-lost grandson. Also, a secret in the old jewel box helps Nancy unveil a slick imposter and reunite the separated family.
Nancy, Bess, and George travel to a picturesque seaside town in search of Carson Drew's missing client. When Carson fails to join the girls, leading to a mystery involving his disappearance and a nearby cliffside cave inhabited by a ghost and his tolling bell.
Nancy witnesses a purse snatching and runs after the thief. She rescues the purse, but not its contents, then is asked by the owner, a doll collector, to do some detective work. "The source of light will heal all ills, but a curse will follow him who takes it from the gypsies"
Nancy Drew's neighbor Mrs. Putney asks Nancy and her friends to help recover her stolen jewels. The search for the thieves takes Nancy, Bess, and George to New Orleans. Two young women involve Nancy in a case about a hoax of haunting "spirits" at the abandoned Blackwood Hall.
Nancy decided to join the educational trip of Dr. Anderson in the Florida Keys. A day before Nancy went to Florida, Juarez searched their house for the Nancy found the burned letters in Porterlys' place. There was an unburned part of letter that talked about her, and she concluded that the Porterlys had an evil plan.
Nancy is given a golden bracelet and discovers one of its horse charms is missing. When she learns the unusual story about the bracelet, she sets out to solve a fascinating mystery. Clues lead Nancy to a circus where she meets an unhappy young aerialist. Nancy joins the circus to uncover the significance of the horse charm and ends up reuniting a mother and daughter.
A neighbor asks Nancy Drew to accompany her to an old uninhabited mansion. Nancy finds a witch tree symbol that leads her to Pennsylvania Dutch country. The friendly welcome the young detective and her friends Bess and George receive from the Amish people soon changes to hostility when it is rumored that Nancy is a witch.
Nancy is warned not to go to Scotland, but she ignores the warning. Nancy becomes involved in the mystery of missing flocks of sheep and a mysterious bagpiper. Clues leading to a discovery in an old caste and a prehistoric fortress lead to the mystery's solution.
Nancy, Bess, George, Ned, Burt, and Dave travel to Turkey to search for more clues. Bess disappears during the search. Carson Drew's Turkish client and a strange gift of an oriental encoded with a message start Nancy on a difficult search for a missing mannequin.
Nancy, Bess, and George spend an exciting weekend at a mysterious zigzag house with a crooked banister and an unpredictable robot. Nancy becomes involved in the mystery of the strange house and must locate the missing owner who is wanted by police.  Nancy and Bess find out the truth about the mysterious house.
The book deals with the 1970 murder of Henry Marrow, a black man. This case helped galvanize the African-American civil rights movement in Oxford, North Carolina. Tyson challenges the popular memory of the movement as a nonviolent call on America's conscience led by Martin Luther King.
A young Oregonian art student is hired by another American to housesit a villa in a small Italian village. The employer then leads various members of the expatriate community in the village to believe the young man is a blackmailer. The film is based on a true story.
Spock uses the Guardian of Forever to journey back into Sarpeidon's past and rescue his son. Spock introduces himself but refuses to allow Zar to call him "Father" Zar becomes conflicted and hurt by his father's apparent refusal to acknowledge him. The Enterprise is called back to the planet Gateway to protect the Guardian from a Romulan intelligence raid.
"He who is halt" clearly refers to Zar, who walks with a painful limp because of a leg injury he suffered many years before. The Guardian of Forever has malfunctioned and is emitting waves of accelerated time that are causing premature star deaths. Spock recalls that his son Zar was once able to communicate telepathically with the Guardian. His death in the coming battle has been foretold by the priestess Wynn.
The novel follows George Hall, a 57-year-old hypochondriac, and his family following George's retirement from a career manufacturing playground equipment. George has hypochondria, an excessive phobia for one's physical health. The story ends with George telling Jean that he is not as offended as she thinks he is about her secret love affair.
The Last Theorem is set in Sri Lanka in the early- to mid-21st century. It follows the life of a mathematician, Ranjit Subramanian. Ranjit becomes obsessed with Fermat Ranjit unwittingly boards a cruise ship that is hijacked by pirates. He is held captive for six months and tortured. He solves Fermat's Last The theorem and achieves worldwide fame.
A puzzling note in Ned's handwriting sets Nancy, Bess, and George on a dangerous search for a bizarre criminal. Nancy must not only thwart the criminal but also has to contend to the high-handed methods of a female lawyer who threatens to take the case away from Nancy.
Nancy and her friends plan to join a dig sponsored by two colleges to hunt for a treasure hidden in a city now buried under the Nevada desert. Before she starts, the young sleuth receives an ancient stone tablet with petroglyphs on it. A thief also wants the treasure.
Nancy goes to the Excello Flying School in the Midwest to take lessons while her friends Bess and George perfect their horse riding. Nancy becomes a detective in a plane and on horseback to track down the elusive sky phantom and the horse thief. A lucky find-a medal with a message to be deciphered on it-furnishes a worthwhile clue. Romance is added when Bess becomes interested in a handsome cowboy.
Squire Eudoric Damberson of Zurgau in the kingdom of Locania wishes to wed Lusina, the daughter of his former tutor, the magician Doctor Baldonius. The price is attaining the status of knight and supplying the magician with a portion of dragon hide for use in his magic. He and his trusty servant Jillo set out for Pathenia in the east to slay one.
Thorolf Zigramson of Rhaetia is out fishing when he encounters the proverbial damsel in distress. Yvette, fugitive Countess of Grintz from the neighboring kingdom of Carinthia. Thorolf is captured by a shady cult-leader and forced to reverse a spell.
Tilly Ipswitch is a witch and the Queen of Halloween. One day she tries playing at being happy, reasoning that children use Halloween to play at being evil witches. Unfortunately for her, she is unable to stop being happy once she begins. Tilly Witch then goes out on a quest to cure herself of her happiness.
A young girl, Lisa, accidentally leaves her stuffed bear, Corduroy, in a laundromat. After a series of adventures, he becomes trapped in a laundry basket until he is found the next morning by the laundomat's owner. CorduroY is reunited with Lisa, who promptly takes him home to sew a pocket onto his overalls, so that Corduroed can carry a name card with him.
Two men, Colton Bane and Kyle Hovey, work for an evil corporation called Nightrise. They are waiting to kidnap identical twin brothers Jamie and Scott Tyler. Their foster parent, Don White, sells the twins off to them. Jamie is transported back in time to the height of the war between humanity and the Old Ones.
Miles Lord, the protagonist, is tasked to do a background check on the favourite contender to be tsar, Stefan Baklanov. Lord travels to Moscow, St. Petersburg, Starodub, Vladivostok, Atlanta and San Francisco trying to find the inheritor of the Romanov family.
Deep Six opens in 1966 aboard the refitted liberty ship San Marino on its way from San Francisco to Auckland, New Zealand. Dirk Pitt and his friend, Assistant Projects Director Al Giordino are called away from their current project to assist the Environmental Protection Agency. Pitt vows to get to the bottom of who was responsible for the poison being on the ship and to take his revenge.
The book starts with a historical prologue in which Julius Venator, a Roman, along with a group of Roman soldiers and slaves, sail in a fleet of ships ferrying the treasures from the Library of Alexandria. The plot then shifts to a Middle Eastern terrorist secretly hijacking a plane carrying Hala Kamil, the new United Nations Secretary-General. Dirk Pitt, Al Giordino, and Rudi Gunn are trying to locate a sunken Soviet submarine. They rescue Hala from the plane wreck. As the plot unfolds, several more attempts are made on Hala's life.
Dirk Pitt is seconded from NUMA to the Hundred and First salvage fleet and ordered to help get to the bottom of the mysterious disappearance of the top-secret submarine. Pitt discovers that the submarine went missing in an area of the Pacific Ocean north of the Hawaiian island of Oahu nicknamed the Pacific Vortex. Similar in its mysterious reputation to the Bermuda Triangle, the Navy has documented 38 cases of ships vanishing without a trace with all hands since 1956.
This book is about Marco Loristan, his father, and his friend, a street urchin named The Rat. Marco's father, Stefan, is a Samavian patriot working to overthrow the cruel dictatorship in the kingdom of Samavia. Marco is to go as the Bearer of the sign while Rat goes as his Aide-de-Camp.
Sebastian is the bastard child of a succubus and the wizard Koltak. Forced to flee every city or town he settled in, he has never known a home. Until one day, his cousin, 15-year-old Glorianna Belladonna, creates a landscape where demons can live.
Tim Cranmer was a British Secret Intelligence Service operative during the Cold War. Cranmer finds himself facing repercussions from his secret and not-too-distant past. The disappearance of Dr. Larry Pettifer from his teaching position at Bath University shouldn't have concerned a great many people, especially a retired Treasury boffin.
The story follows seven children and their teacher who are trapped inside a cave while a fierce cyclonic storm destroys the fictional town of Hills End. They face a struggle to survive as well as having to deal with their loss. A mystery also surrounds ancient aboriginal art found in the cave.
The story begins with Oscar, a dachshund who is half a dog tall and one-and-a-half dogs long. He is tired of the other dogs making fun of him because of his wiener-shaped body. At obedience school, he daydreams of Halloween. When he comes home from school his mother has a surprise for him.
Comfort Food is a literary work with an emphasis on the importance of human relationships and a sense of place. It is set in the verdant Pacific Northwest, the sandstone deserts of Utah, the gritty streets of Budapest, and the snow covered wasteland of Denali.
Johnny Clinton stows away on a cargo hovership that crashes into the Pacific Ocean. His life is saved by the "People of the Sea" -- dolphins. A school of these fantastic creatures guides him to an island on Australia's Great Barrier Reef. Johnny becomes involved with the work of a strange and fascinating research community.
White General Mikhail Sobolev, nicknamed the Russian Achilles, is found dead in the same hotel. Fandorin becomes suspicious when he talks with the body guards of the general. The general had not really died in the hotel, but was moved there from the apartment of his mistress. The killer is a hired assassin, who has only failed three times in his career.
In autumn 1943, the unnamed narrator becomes friends with Holly Golightly, who calls him "Fred", after her older brother. The two are both tenants in a brownstone apartment in Manhattan's Upper East Side. Holly is a country girl turned New York café society girl. She has no job and lives by socializing with wealthy men.
The novel deals with the expedition of Hadon, a young Oparian warrior, to the Wild Lands. The ancient Khokarsan society of which Opar is a part is a matriarchy. Hadon and his male and female friends rally to the high priestess' banner against the king's evil schemes.
Cassie and Tobias are having strange dreams about a presence in the ocean. The Animorphs decide to investigate, and acquire dolphin morphs to do so. They discover the Dome of an Andalite Dome ship deep beneath the ocean's surface. They are pursued by Visser Three in Mardrut morph, but are saved by a pod of humpback whales. They enter through an airlock and meet Aximili-Esgarrouth-Isthill.
The story begins in England with William Fletcher, a young man in love with a distant relative, Alice. Alice's father forces her to marry Charles Leslie instead. In despair, Fletcher decides to leave England and relocate to the Massachusetts Bay Colony. The Fletcher's adopt two children, Hope and Faith. Governor Winthrop procures two Indian servants to help Mrs. Fletcher with the increased domestic workload.
Vietnam War veteran Rambo is hitch hiking in Madison, Kentucky. He is arrested by Sheriff Teasle and sentenced to 35 days in jail. Rambo fights off the cops as they attempt to cut his hair and shave him. He flees, steals a motorcycle, and hides in the nearby mountains. He becomes the focus of a manhunt that results in the deaths of many police officers, civilians, and National Guardsmen.
The novel, set in 1861, described adventures of British expedition led by Captain John Hatteras to the North Pole. As the sequence was originally written, Hatter as perishes in the crater; Verne's editor, Jules Hetzel, suggested or rather required that Verne do a rewrite. After return to England he is put into an asylum for the insane. He spends the remainder of his days walking the streets surrounding the asylum.
Jack Watson, wishing to acquire BioGen at a knock-down price, conspires to steal or sabotage BioGen&#39;s cultures. A researcher accidentally introduces human genes into a chimpanzee. The result is a transgenic chimp who can talk and whose behavior is generally childlike but reverts to chimp patterns under stress. The book also features news report boxes, many about the genetics of blondes and of Neanderthals.
The novel begins as life is seemingly returning to normal for the Jarretts of Lake Forest, Illinois, in September 1975. It is slightly more than a year since their elder son "Buck" was killed when a sudden storm came up while he and their other son Conrad were sailing on Lake Michigan. Six months later, a severely depressed Conrad attempted suicide by slashing his wrists.
Fritt expresses the sounds of a roaring hurricane and the sound of falling streams of water during a rainstorm. Trifulgas, a physician, lives in unnamed coastal area. He is rich and works only for the rich. One night, during a storm, a girl knocks at the door. Her father, a poor fisherman, is dying.
Captain William Laurence and Temeraire are ordered to make all haste and return from the mission to China via Istanbul. They are to pick up a collection of three dragon eggs purchased from the Ottoman Empire. The group survives ambush in the Central Asian deserts, befriends a pack of feral dragons in the mountains of Turkestan, and makes its way to Istanbul. Once there, however, they face clear betrayal; the Sultan has accepted the Temeraires.
The town of Croton-on-Hudson is in this world an American Auschwitz where the Jews of New York and the East Coast perished. In an inversion of the normal conventions of a detective book, the "respectable" society is murderous. At the end of Norden's book, as with Philip K. Dick's The Man in the High Castle, the entire world about to end.
For three centuries a divine prophecy and a line of warrior queens protected Skala. But the people grew complacent and Eruis, a usurper king, claimed his young half-sisters throne. Now plague and drought stalk the land, war with Skala's ancient rival Plenimar drains the country's lifeblood.
Louis Seynaeve, who becomes eleven in April, goes to a boarding school led by nuns in Kortrijk. His family members are Flemish nationalists. Louis' father buys a printing press in Germany and a Hitlerjugend doll. During the German occupation of Belgium in the Second World War his family sympathises with the Germans.
Ten years after Norman Bates' death, a local entrepreneur has rebuilt the Bates Motel in Fairvale as a tourist attraction. Amy Haines travels to the infamous "Psycho House" to write a book about Bates when mysterious murders begin to occur. She faces resistance from the community when she enlists the help of a group to investigate the murders.
Blanche Lake, a 21 year old single mother, wants to collect her three year old daughter Bunny from her first day at daycare but finds out that she is not there. In the course of the ensuing night, she tries everything in her power to find out what has happened to her. Still before daybreak, she thinks she knows where Bunny is.
Ax wishes to return to the Andalite home world, and to do so, he needs a ship. He intends to build a communicator to broadcast a Yeerk distress signal and lure in a ship which he can then hijack. Ax builds his device, but needs a Zero-space transponder. Mr. Chapman regularly communicates with Visser Three from his basement, so the Animorphs morph into ants and retrieve the Z- space transponders.
The Animorphs morph cockroaches in order to infiltrate a meeting of The Sharing. They discover that the Yeerks have infested an entire hospital staff and are using them to turn patients into Controllers. Jake demorphs to human and turns the Jacuzzi on to kill the Yeers. In the subsequent fight Jake is hit by a sledgehammer blow and his head falls in the pool. He is infested by a Yeerk named Temrash 114 who seeks to escape.
A group of young Moroccans immigrants seeking a better life in Spain cross the Strait of Gibraltar on a lifeboat. When it capsizes near shore, it is everyone for themselves. The book chronicles the lives of four of the passengers, Murad, Halima, Aziz and Faten.
In the year AD 3000, Earth has been ruled by an alien race, the Psychlos, for a millennium. Humanity has been reduced to a few scattered tribes in isolated parts of the world. The Psychlos originate from a planet with an atmosphere very different from that of Earth. Their "breathe-gas" explodes on contact with even trace amounts of radioactive metals.
Set in New England, Toward the End of Time portrays a world in which the Chinese and the Americans have attacked one another with nuclear weapons. The aftermath is shown through retired investment advisor Ben Turnbull's journal. The book is divided into five parts: i. The Deer ii. The Dollhouse III. The Deal iv. The Deaths v. The Dahlia.
Norman Maclean and Laird Robinson tried to forensically analyze the Mann Gulch Fire. They used multiple sources, including the official report of the fire, the testimony of the four men who fought the fire and lived, and the research and report of Robert Jansson and Harry T. Gisborne. They also used the modern Fire Lab and their mathematical analysis to search for answers to the fire.
Joe, a small boy, lives with his mother, Rebecca, who works in and rooms above the Kandinsky tailor shop. Hearing from Mr. Kandinsky the tale that a captured unicorn will grant any wish, Joe uses his accumulated pocket change to buy a kid with an emerging horn, believing it to be a unicorn. His subsequent efforts to make dreams come true exemplify the power of hope and will amidst hardship.
Morgan Le Fay has finally decided to end her own life. She decides to look in on her old nemesis, Merlin's prison, one last time. She is surprised to see that he has escaped. In Manhattan, King Arthur appears on the streets in full medieval armor. Arthur decides to enter politics, beginning with announcing his candidacy for Mayor of New York City.
The story takes place in Montefiore, Italy in the early 16th century, on the estate of a nobleman named Don Vicente de Nevada. In the beginning of the novel, de Nevada finds a mirror in a pond near his manor. This mirror was fashioned by dwarves but lost when they left it in the pond to temper.
Prince Tobin was born as a girl, but in view of the king's purge of all possible female heirs that threaten him, he was disguised by magic. All female warriors and females holding important roles, were ordered to leave, leaving the city completely under male rule. Tobin becomes interested in battle strategies and war, and out Tobin is the son of prince Korin and Lady Aliya.
Maeve One eye, the carlin who cured her, gets Imrhein a new identity: Lady Rohain Tarrenys of the Sorrow Isles. After unloading her information with the Duke of Roxburgh, getting Rohain is rewarded with 80 guineas,the Crown estate Arcune, and the title of Baroness. She also gets a proposal from the Royal Bard.
The novel, narrated in first person and divided into three volumes, is the story of Angelica Botticelli, an Italian-born Australian, and astrophysicist from an apparently wealthy background. Book One: Grief is a Sphere details her childhood, adolescence and reaction to her father&#39;s murder. Book Two: A Lycanthropic God details her move back to Sydney from London, secretly hostile relationship with her bogan flatmate, Caroline Brine.
At the start of the novel, the United States, having won over Japan, is in no mood to enter a new war. The book ends with a cliffhanger: Erwin Rommel invades Scotland, the British facing a desperate fight. A promised sequel, provisionally called Fortress Europa, has yet to be written.
Yu Yuan was originally a cadet at Huangpu Military Academy, an important part of the Kuomintang military system. When the Communists gained the upper hand in China, the academy went over to their side. Yu Yuan's unit crossed into Korea and engaged the South Korean and UN forces there. For a period it prosecuted a guerilla war against these allies. Eventually, Yu Yuan was injured and is captured.
British naval lieutenant Alan Querdillon becomes a POW during the Battle of Crete. He awakens in a Nazi controlled world 102 years after World War II. He is hunted by a "Reichsforester" and takes refuge with genetically mutilated "undesirables"
The story revolves around many characters representing the various sections of Indian community. Hori is a peasant who is married to Dhaniya and has two daughters and a son. Jhunia, the daughter of Bhola, was a widow and eloped with Gobar after she got pregnant by him.
The book is about a boy named Marco who likes to travel. He often secretly rides buses far from home, though only his telepathic sister finds out. One day, his sister sees strange lights in the basement, and she and Marco investigate. They find a portal into another dimension, and thus the adventure begins.
Isabella "Bella" Swan's 18th birthday is overshadowed by the death of her love, Edward Cullen. She learns that thrill-seeking activities, such as motorcycle riding, allow her to "hear" Edward's voice in her head. She also seeks comfort in her deepening friendship with Jacob Black, a cheerful companion.
The story is narrated by Aias of Tyre, a scientist of the Delian League. Project Sunthief is an audacious and desperate mission to sail a spaceship carved out of a piece of the moon herself out through the spheres. Shortly after the launch, it becomes clear that there is a saboteur on board.
The book covers a two-week period in November of 1120, beginning with the death of King Brion Haldane. Immediately following Brion's death, his son and heir, Prince Kelson sends for his father's closest friend and advisor, Alaric Morgan, the Deryni Duke of Corwyn. Morgan arrives shortly before Kelson's coronation, but his efforts to assist the prince are interrupted by K Nelson's mother.
The title story finds Conan in the Pictish Wilderness fleeing native warriors who are hunting him. Conan realizes the spot must be a taboo place to the Picts. The hill turns out to hold a treasure cave, along with the preserved bodies of the pirate Tranicos and his men. The essay following the story relates the circumstances of de Camp's discovery of Howard's manuscript and his revision and publication of it.
Deryni Checkmate takes place in March 1121, four months after the coronation of 14-year old King Kelson Haldane. The novel opens with the rabidly anti-DeryNI leader of the Holy Church, Archbishop Edmund Loris, signing a letter that demands that the Deryni Duke of Corwyn recant his magical powers and submit to a life of penance. If he fails to do so, Loris threatens to excommunicate Morgan and place his entire duchy under interdict.
The book begins with a historical overview which begins with the destruction of Jerusalem in AD 70. It covers the Reformation and Advent movement in detail, and culminates with a lengthy description of the end times. The official Ellen G. White Estate web site views the 1888 version as the original "Great Controversy", with the 1911 edition being the only revision.
The Animorphs decide to infiltrate the Yeerk pool and try to find the location of the Earth-based Kandrona by going in as cockroaches. Once inside the complex, they get caught on the tongue of a Taxxon. As they are about to be devoured, time freezes and they feel themselves being forcibly brought out of morph. They are then introduced to an all-powerful being called an Ellimist. He informs them that he wants to preserve part of Earth's beauty, along with some humans, because the Yeerks are going to win the war in the future.
Men Like Gods is set in the summer of 1921. Its protagonist is Mr. Barnstaple, a journalist working in London and living in Sydenham. He finds his plans disrupted when his and two other automobiles are accidentally transported with their passengers into "another world," which the "Earthlings" call Utopia.
The play follows the story of Georges Danton, a leader of the French Revolution. Danton created the office of the Revolutionary Tribunal as a strong arm for the Revolutionary Government. Robespierre used the Tribunal to have Danton and all opposition killed, consolidate his power and slaughter uncounted thousands of French men, women and children.
The Genocides describes the genocide of humans by aliens who seed Earth with enormous crop plants. The Plants are massive and rapidly out-compete terrestrial flora, forming a monoculture. They appear unwholesome to the native fauna, and starvation seems inevitable. The novel opens with a small rural community struggling for survival.
Makenna is a hedgewitch. Her mother is killed when a new priest is sent to town. Makenna flees for her life and tries to flood the town as her last act of vengeance. She meets a trader in the woods who tells her of the events taking place around the world. She spares his life and to repay his debt, he helps her out.
Soraya, Kavi and Jiaan have agreed to work together to defeat the Hrum and free Farsala. They learn that Garren, the Strategus in charge of the conquest, has more riding on the conquest than just Farsalan. Kavi infiltrates the palace, attempting to uncover the passwords into the vault, but is captured.
Scientists altered the genetic code of children to protect them from an impending alien invasion. These generations are becoming stricken with a disease for which there is no known cure. Irene Olsen, a scientist, has searched outer space for humans with unaltered DNA. She believes she has found a suitable population on the planet Navohar.
Charity Royall is a librarian and ward of North Dormer's premier citizen, Lawyer Royall. While working at the library, Charity meets visiting architect Lucius Harney. Harney becomes Mr Royall's boarder and makes it appear as though he has left town.
Riverwind meets Tika Waylan at the Inn of the Last Home in Solace. Caramon has become a fat drunk in the two Tas, Crysania, and Bupu are travelling to the Tower of Wayreth. They find out Raistlin plans to travel back in time and gain The group finds themselves in pre-Cataclysm Istar, a holy empire.
The novel reunites some of the characters from The Machine Gunners. Set in 1943, it traces the attempt to uncover a spy in Garmouth. The middle-class Sheila is introduced as Chas's sometime girlfriend. The novel was released on September 25, 2014.
Meet the Austins is a novel about a family whose uncle dies in a plane crash. The family takes in the daughter of the uncle's co-pilot, who has no one to care for her. Maggy proves to be a spoiled, troubled only child who has little family life.
 Edgar Freemantle, a St. Paul, MN contractor, barely survives a horrific on-site accident where his truck was crushed by a crane. Freemantle's right arm is amputated, and severe injuries to his head cause Edgar Edgar rents a beach house on Duma Key, a small island off the west coast of Florida. On the advice of Dr. Kamen, Edgar revives his old hobby of sketching after he moves into Big Pink. He learns that his younger daughter
A young girl's diary is revealed to be a secret world of folklore and ritual magic. The girl's tale gradually develops a mounting atmosphere of suspense, only to break off abruptly just at the point where a supreme revelation seems imminent. In a return to the frame story, the custodian of the diary reveals that the girl had "poisoned herself-in time"
Conan is leader of a band of kozaki in the service of King Kobad Shah of Iranistan. He quarrels with his patron over the latter's command to capture Balash, chief of the Kushafi. Instead, Conan takes his band to warn the Kushafis of the Sons of Yezm. The cultists kidnap Nanaia, Conan's current girlfriend.
When Laura Sibbie starts a secret club at school, she makes the other members give her something totally embarrassing as "insurance" She promises to keep the insurance secret, unless someone blabs. Gabriel wants to join, but when Laura asks him, there is a misunderstanding and he storms out to form a rival club, Monkey Town.
Hang, a young Vietnamese woman receives a telegram telling her to visit her uncle in Moscow. Hang's brother, Chinh, is a target for vengeance, because Chinh is her brother. Hang tries to win back her love, while Que seeks acceptance from Uncle Chinh's family.
Gilly Hopkins a mean, brash young girl is going to another foster home. She hates living with different people all the time and just wants to settle in with her birth mother Courtney Rutherford Hopkins. While living at Trotter home, Gilly initially gets into trouble as usual. Gilly was really disapppointed because she really wanted to go to her Mother.
The novel follows Cashel Byron, a world champion prizefighter, as he tries to woo wealthy aristocrat Lydia Carew without revealing his illegal profession. Lydia is portrayed as a moral and intelligent woman and is constantly contrasted with the "ruffian" Cashel. After much miscommunication and drawing room comedy, Cashel gives up boxing and succeeds in marrying Lydia.
Starting around the year 930 C.E., and continuing until the 23rd century, sooners belonging to eight patron-class races illegally plant colonies on the planet Jijo. The story of Sara and her two brothers, Lark and Dwer. The council of Sages provides the assistance in an attempt to discover what the Rothen are hiding.
The novel takes place in June and July 1121, less than a year after the coronation of 14-year-old King Kelson Haldane. At the beginning of the book, Kelson is leading an army into the Morgan and Duncan decide to go to Dhassa and seek to reconcile with the six bishops who have refused to follow Loris' anti-Deryni crusade.
British Secret Service agent James Bond is sent by his superior, M, to investigate "Mr. Big", real name Buonapart Ignace Gallia. Mr. Big is suspected of selling 17th century gold coins to finance Soviet spy operations in America. These gold coins have been turning up in Harlem and Florida and are suspected of being part of a treasure buried in Jamaica by the pirate Sir Henry Morgan.
Julia, the daughter of Gaius Julius Caesar Octavianus, suffers with an awkward relationship between her and her 16 year old stepbrother Tiberius. Marcellus is in love with a consul's daughter and he becomes obsessed with her. Julia decides to distance herself by travelling with Agrippa. Along the way the pair discover that Livia has many spies. Livia realises this and attempts to get rid of Julia and her two sons.
Sandry is a newly-discovered mage who has no teacher. She is forced to teach Pasco Acalon, a boy whose dancing is visible to Sandry's magical vision as imbued with ambient magic. When the perpetrators of the Rokat murders are discovered to be using Unmagic, Sandry and Pasco find out that they are the ones best suited to capture the murderers. Sandry was forced to kill the murderers to save Pasco.
The story is a racially charged drama about teen drug addicts at a rehabilitation center. English teacher tries to make a difference in his students' lives. One addict, Bickham, is a tough teenager who searched for his father and found him working in a seedy barber shop. Conrad wants to recover and marry his love, Linda.
In the 24th Century, Wayne claims to be John Wayne. He's appointed a GalactiCop Police Sergeant by his new employer, Colonel Travis. Unbeknownst to Norton, Travis sends Wayne as his double to Hideaway, the entertainment planet. There are three alternate endings to the story. Two involve Kiru and Wayne marrying on Vegas / Cafe World, while the other involves a massacre of the characters by a resurrected Grawl.
The book analyzes how people might react to the chance to have a dead relative back for a day. The book tells the story of Charley Chick Benetto, a former baseball player who encounters a myriad of problems with his career, finances, family and alcohol abuse. This leads him to become suicidal.
The story opens with Tommy getting a new corvette. Once home, he finds a Rag doll on his front steps, along with a note, written in Vietnamese. After taking the doll into his study, it soon bursts open to reveal an evil creature. After fate brings a meeting with Del, a woman who appears to speak cryptically, they embark on a race to flee the creature.
The wedding occurred simultaneously in the Spider-Man comic and in the daily news strip. In an attempt to save Aunt May's life, the 2007 storyline,Spider-Man: One More Day erased the wedding from continuity. The bulk of the stories from that point on take place as they did normally, but with the two as a couple and living together while being unmarried.
After destroying the Vag, the Animorphs assumed that they would see people freeing themselves of the Yeerks. They are disappointed until the day they take Ax to the cinema. A man's Yeerk is seen dying publicly, but a Controller-policeman kills the free man. The next day, he meets with Marco to go to a bookshop in hopes that Ax would trust them if they trusted him.
The novel's plot follows the developing friendship of two adolescent girls: shy, fearful Martha and free-spirited, mystical, imaginative Ivy. Ivy belonged to the shunned Carson family, who lived in the hills above town in a derelict Victorian mansion. Martha comes from a well-to-do family completely in thrall to suburban values.
Simon "Widgie" and Jen Widgeon are innocently exploring the abandoned Highgate rail tunnel near their home. It quickly becomes apparent that Widgie and Jen have become caught up in an entire underground civilisation, the North London System. Their arrival is the catalyst for a climactic battle between the Railway and the Canals.
Lanen Kaelar is a young woman who has been raised in Hadronsstead, believing that Hadron was her father. She leads an unhappy life as she secretly longs to meet the Dragons of legend. Lanen finds a ship to the Dragon Isle for the Lansip harvest that used to occur every ten years. No ship has returned from the trip in over 100 years due to the violent storms.
The story traces the journey of four Japanese tourists on a tour to India. The tour is interrupted when Prime Minister Indira Gandhi is assassinated by militant Sikhs. Each of these tourists finds their own spiritual discovery on the banks of the Ganges River. One of the tourists is a middle-class manager whose wife has died of cancer.
The journal of Peter Neumann is presented in chronological order. It begins in 1939 with various entries of his activities in the Hitler youth, and discussing plans with his friends to enter the SS. Peter's early entries are more jubilant and optimistic. He recounts his cruel training involving many life-or-death exercises, e.g., outrunning attack dogs.
Túrin joins a band of outlaws in the wild, the Gaurwaith or "Wolf-folk" They live by raiding and pillaging the property of the few Men left in the land. Túrin gains favour with King Orodreth and earns the love of his daughter Finduilas.
The Black Prince is remarkable for the structure of its narrative. It consists of a central story bookended by forewords and post-scripts by characters within it. It largely consists of the description of a period in the later life of the main character, ageing London author Bradley Pearson. During this time he falls in love with the Baffins' young daughter, Julian.
The trilogy follows the adventures of ex-king Jorian, a native of the kingdom of Kortoli, one of the twelve city-states of Novaria. Jorian is a powerful and intelligent man who has trained extensively for a life of adventure, but hampered by garulousness and a weakness for drink and women.
The story opens with the narrator wandering the streets of St. Petersburg. He contemplates how he has always been a ridiculous person, and also, how recently, he has come to the realization that nothing much matters to him any more. The narrator of the story reveals that he had bought a revolver months previous with the intent of shooting himself in the head.
Daru is a mid-level banker with a short fuse. His aggression had served him well as a college-boxer. Mumtaz falls for Daru too, but unlike Daru she is not an idealist. This mismatch of thought comes to the forefront soon after the long and rocky affair.
In a future semitropical England cancer has been cured, but, as a result, the human lifespan has been halved. The novel tells the story of Milena, a young woman who is immune to the viruses which are routinely used to educate people. It is a world transformed by global warming and by advances in genetic engineering. Houses, machines, even spaceships are genetically-engineered life-forms.
In his foreword, Kautsky expressed his hope that the book would be 'a powerful weapon in the struggles of the present' He began his analysis by looking for evidence that 'the person of Jesus' existed at all, using pagan and Christian sources. The next dozen chapters are then taken up with a materialist description of the ancient Roman society from which early Christianity sprang.
The novel picks up where Tarzan of the Apes left off. The ape man leaves America for Europe to visit his friend Paul d'Arnot. On the ship he becomes embroiled in the affairs of Countess Olga de C Tarzan is an ape man who fights against the villains Rokoff and Raoul.
The novel spans the time period between September 903 and December 904. King Imre Furstán-Festil orders the deaths of fifty human peasants unless the murderer is identified. Prince Cinhil Haldane is the last remaining member of the former royal bloodline. He is one of five monks living in seclusion in various religious houses.
Norman Bates escapes from the mental asylum where he was committed to at the end of the first novel. The police believe that Bates did not survive his escape attempt because of a fire. A growing body count causes his doctor to suspect that Bates is headed to Hollywood where a movie based upon his real-life murders is being filmed.
Laurie Lee set out in 1934 to follow the coast of Spain from London to Algeciras. He decided to go by way of Southampton, which added another 100 miles to his journey. Half in love with Spain, Lee decides to stick to his plan and follow the coastline.
William Thornhill is sentenced to death for stealing wood in 1806. His sentence is changed to transportation to New South Wales for the term of his natural life. With his wife Sal and children in tow, he arrives in a harsh land that feels at first like a death sentence. However, there is a way for the convicts to buy freedom and start afresh.
An elliptical region, including the island of Nantucket, Massachusetts and the United States Coast Guard ship Eagle, is transported by an unknown phenomenon back in time to the Bronze Age circa 1250s BC. As the truth of what has happened sinks in panic grips the island. Captain Marian Alston takes the Eagle to Britain, with Ian Arnstein and Doreen Rosenthal as interpreters, where they trade goods with the Iraiina.
Daniel "James" Bulain is the son of a French habitant and of an English schoolmaster's daughter. His family and the people of the neighbouring seigneurie are massacred by a war party of Mohawks. In his escape into the wilderness he is united with the unrequited love of his childhood, Toinette Tonteur.
The book ends as the war just gets seriously going, and with only tantalizing glimpses given of various interesting locations. Plainly, Farmer provided for further sequels which were never written. He has stated that he intended to have Hadon's son emigrate to the south in the wake of the catastrophe that would ultimately destroy the Khokarsan civilization.
Brothers Urza and Mishra grow up in a camp after their father dies. Urza becomes a clockmaker's apprentice in Kroog, capital of the neighbouring kingdom of Yotia. Mishra becomes the new leader of the Fallaji, and builds himself an army of automatons to increase his military power.
This book consists of two separate stories, making up the two parts of the book's title. The first story, Hardboiled, is written from the perspective of a woman who is hiking alone, passes a strange shrine and ends up in a hotel with a couple of surreal incidents that follow. The second story is about a woman whose sister Kuni is in a coma.
Tamír is much loved by the people and very popular, but she faces problems of her own. Ki, whom she loves, does not feel physical love in return. Brother is back with more power than ever, introducing himself with only this line: "The dead do not rest until they have had vengeance"
The story opens with the four child-mages and their teachers at the end of a caravan. Daja is a trangshi, a Trader word which literally means "doesn't exist" or "bad luck" In the end, she becomes a Trader again because she had gained enough zokin, or honor, by saving the Tenth Caravan Idaram from the huge forest fire.
Cassie and the Animorphs discover from Ax and Tobias that the Yeerks have set up a dummy logging company, called Dapsen Logging Company, in the woods. The group decides to go back and enter the logging camp to find this information. There is a brief episode where they are controlled by the termite queen's orders and lose control of themselves.
The story starts with Edriss-Five-Six-Two, the Yeerk who would later become Visser One, in the body of Marco's mother, Eva. She is currently being held in theYeerk Pool under the city where the Animorphs live.
Ponch uses his tracking abilities to lead Nita, Kit, Ronan, and the wizardly tourists from Wizard's Holiday Fil down to the planet. They are captured by the Lone Power, who suppresses all wizardry in the area. With Ponch's help, they find Ronan sacrifices himself to free the One's Champion, who resides inside him, to give the Hesper a final chance to make her choice. The book ends with school starting again, Dair
The novel spans a time period of one and a half years, from June 905 to January 907. It begins as the allies and supporters of King Cinhil Haldane prepare to meet the invasion of Princess Ariella. Camber and his son, Joram, discover the scene of Ariella's final stand. The two fought a brutal battle that claimed both of Camber's lives.
This introduction was included in the 2003 Da Capo Press reprint edition following Simone's death on April 21, 2003. "I Know How it Feels To Be Free: Nina Simone 1933-2003" is written by Dave Marsh. It includes a Prologue, Chapters 1 through 11, and Discography.
The book chronicles the investigations of Carl Landry, a reporter for the Boston Globe. The story begins in 1972, ten years after the nuclear war between the USA and USSR, which followed the Cuban missile crisis. After the 1962 war, nearly all the remaining countries of the globe have renounced possession of nuclear weapons. The USA alone retains an atomic arsenal.
In part one of the book, d'Alembert provides a general introduction to the origin of knowledge, which led to the works found in the Encyclopédie. In part two, he provides the reader with an account of the progress of human knowledge in the sequence of memory, imagination and reason. The author was greatly influenced by the Cartesian principle of simplicity.
The book begins with Tally, the protagonist, as a Pretty debating what to wear to a bash. While attending the bash, she is followed by someone Tally returns to her care-free life as a pretty. Her peace is disrupted when Zane, who is the leader of the Crims, asks her about David.
The Penguins of Doom is a novel about a seventh-grader and her search for her missing sister. The plot is conveyed through letters and notes written by Septina Nash to her teachers, parents, and others. Septina also describes a series of improbable events, such as the appearance of wild penguins in her hometown.
The third novel in the Uglies series begins two months after events in Pretties. Tally Youngblood has become a member of an elite group of "Specials" - surgically enhanced super-humans. She is picked up by Diego's authorities and locked up for her lethal strength and weapon-sharp teeth.
Betty, an attractive California girl, takes a coming-of-age sojourn, embarking from San Francisco on an Italian freighter bound for ports in El Salvador, Panama, Venezuela, Spain and Italy. Betty develops an attraction for and engages in a mild flirtation with Mik Finsch, an older, mysterious man- of-the-world. When she accepts an offer of drinks in his cabin, his amorous advances get way out of line.
German warships controlled Lake Tanganyika, which is the longest Lake in the world. The British had no naval craft at all upon 'Tanganjikasee' In June 1915, a force of 28 men was dispatched from Britain on a vast journey. Their chief was an eccentric naval officer, Geoffrey Spicer-Simson.
Blood and Guts in High School is the story of Janey Smith, a ten-year-old American girl living in Mérida, Mexico. She has an incestuous sexual relationship with her father, whom she treats as boyfriend, brother, sister, money, amusement, and father. Her father agrees to let her go and puts her into a school in New York City.
Mary Fitz-Allard and Sebastian are in love, but their fathers will never permit the union. Sebastian has a plan to enable the match: he will pretend to be Sir Alexander calls the spy and parasite, Trapdoor, and sets him to follow Moll, get into her services and find a way to destroy her.
Tarzan, the king of the jungle, enters an isolated country called Minuni, inhabited by a people four times smaller than himself. Tarzan befriends the king, Adendrohahkis, and the prince, Komodoflorensal, of one such city-state, called Trohanadalmakus.
The author vividly evokes the technologies and traditions of classic Greek Tragedy. There are detailed recreations of what might have been involved in the staging of a theatrical production of the time. At the end of the book, Nikeratos encounters the young Alexander the Great and his lover Hephaistion.
European Axel Heyst ends up living on an island in what is now Indonesia. Heyst visits a nearby island when a female band is playing at a hotel. Mr. Schomberg attempts to force himself sexually on one of the band members, Alma. She flees with Heyst back to his island and they become lovers. Axel is overcome with grief and commits suicide.
Grady Jacobs wins a scholarship to participate in rainforest research and conservation. Dr. Carter, the scientist in charge, relegates Grady to the position of camp drudge. Grady escapes in the company of Amazonian natives and hatches a daring plan to thwart the evil scientist.
The story opens with the narrator in a frenzy about an apparent tragedy that has just befallen his household. His wife has apparently died, as he makes repeated references to her being laid out on a table, presumably lifeless. The narrator slowly develops an interest in the girl, and his interest seems at least marginally returned. The girl decided, after much deliberation, to marry the narrator.
In 1926, magician Jackson "Lazarus Jack" Pierce accidentally causes his wife and three children to become trapped in an extradimensional void. Seventy years later, a mysterious young man offers the aging magician the opportunity to restore his youth, and save his family. 
Colonists from Earth set out for a distant planet, but during the voyage, a factional skirmish turns into an irrevocable grudge. The novel explores the motivations of their warfare, and the viewpoints of the two narrators illuminate a dreadful, entwined inevitability.
The book opens with a boy called Jarred, a friend of Prince Endon. After the death of King Alton and his queen, Endon is proclaimed King in his father's place. Jarred learns that the evil Shadow Lord, a Sauron-like intelligence, once tried to seize the land in which is the kingdom of Deltora.
In The Forests of Silence, the topaz had been retrieved by Lief, Barda, and Jasmine. They continue on their way to the Lake of Tears, to retrieve the ruby. They learn that the land surrounding the Lake is controlled by the evil sorceress Thaegan.
Marcus Didius Falco discovers a corpse hidden under the floor of his new bath house. He starts to track down the men responsible - Glaucus and Cotta. A building project for the British Chieftain Togidubnus is running late and over-budget. Falco takes over the project and investigates the killings.
Richie adores his elder brother James and leads a life a petty crime and childhood dares with his friends. At the age of eight, he is molested in a cinema by a man who persuades him to come home with him. Richie regularly runs away from home and finds that this has the effect of stopping the abuse from his father.
The House of a Lady of Quality is a dramatisation of a play by the same name. Part First contains a Forescene and six Acts with 35 Scenes. The Dynasts contains an extensive tragic chorus of metaphysical figures. The play is set in Spain and France.
Indiana is married to an older ex-army officer named Colonel Delmare. Indiana does not love him, and searches for someone who will love her passionately. She overlooks her cousin Ralph, who lives with her and the colonel. When their young, handsome, and well-spoken neighbor, Raymon de Ramiere declares his interest to Indiana, she falls in love with him.
Based on a folktale, the story follows the life of a mustachioed cap salesman. He strolls through towns and villages chanting, "Caps! Caps for sale! Fifty cents a cap!" One day, the peddler sits down under a tree to take a nap, with all his wares still on his head. When he awakens, all the caps but his own are gone.
The Fallible Fiend is the second story in the Novarian series, coming after the short story "The Emperor's Fan" It is set centuries before the Reluctant King trilogy. The name of Ir, the subterrranean city-state where much the plot takes place, is simply the Hebrew word for "city"
Marty Strauss, a gambling addict recently released from prison, is hired to be the personal bodyguard of Joseph Whitehead, one of the wealthiest men in the world. The job proves more complicated and dangerous than he thought, as Marty soon gets caught up in a series of supernatural events.
Gradisil takes place over several generations of the Gyeroffy family, the novel's timeline spanning from 2059 to the first half of the 22nd century, circa 2130. In 2059 Klara's father Miklós flies Kristin Janzen Kooistra, a tenant who requires a hideaway, for their Upland lodging.
Bike messenger Jace Damon attempts to live under the radar in Los Angeles with his younger brother. The two are raised by their mother, who does her best to remain anonymous. In a city fueled by money, celebrity and sensationalism, the slaying of a bottom-feeder like Lenny Lowell won't make headlines.
Rokeach brought together three men who each claimed to be Jesus Christ. He confronted them with one another's conflicting claims, while encouraging them to interact personally as a support group. Rokeach also attempted to manipulate other aspects of their delusions by inventing messages from imaginary characters. He did not provoke any lessening of the patients' delusions.
Dr. De Soto is a mouse-dentist who lives in a world of animals who act as humans. He and his wife, who serves as his assistant, work together to treat patients with as little pain as possible. They refuse to treat any animal who likes to eat mice. One day, a fox with a toothache drops by and begs for treatment.
The book deals with the early life of Tomie dePaola. He has just moved to a new house in Connecticut and the 1938 hurricane has just hit. Tomie expresses unhappiness for seeing Snow White and the Seven Dwarfs in the theatres. The book is published by Simon & Schuster.
Mr Mertoun and his son had arrived as strangers, and resided for several years in the remaining rooms of the old mansion of the Earls of Orkney. The son Mordaunt became a general favourite with the inhabitants, and Mordaunt was invited to a St John's Eve party at Harfra by Minna and Brenda Troil. The bard, Claud Halcro, saved Mordaunt from drowning, and intimated that henceforth they were rivals.
Eldon Fochs is a 38-year-old accountant and lay provost. He is happily married with four children. Feshtig works as a therapist in an Institute of Psychoanalysis funded and controlled by the church. He slowly reveals the contents of his dreams and his "disturbing thoughts" about children. He reveals two dreams; one when he strangles and dismembers a girl and another of a 12-year old boy.
In the novel, Harley Hudson, the affable but inept Vice President from Advise and Consent, is now president and seeking a term of his own against a backdrop of Soviet-instigated war. The election season soon turns on these foreign policy questions, with the media and others seeking a peace candidate &mdash.
In 1857, Captain Illiam Quillian Kewley and his crew of Manx sailors are forced to offer their ship for charter. The vessel is quickly hired by a party of Englishmen headed by an eccentric Vicar who believes that the Garden of Eden is located in Tasmania. However, unbeknownst to the clergyman, one of his fellow travellers has an entirely different reason for journeying to the island.
After winning his party's nomination in Capable of Honor, newly-elected U.S. President Harley Hudson dies in a suspicious plane crash. William Abbott, the Speaker of the House, is reluctantly elevated to the Presidency. The Majority Party convenes its National Committee, torn between the supporters of California Governor Ted Jason and those of Secretary of State and former Illinois Senator Orrin Knox. Eventually Knox defeats Jason, but names Jason as his vice presidential nominee.
The story begins with Mark Harrison, a 13-year old survival enthusiast, hiking through the mountainous Magruder Missile Range when he is struck by a mysterious blue beam of light. He wakes up in a strange world that he believes is an alien world with many similarities to Earth. Mark then discovers that, despite his misconceptions earlier, this world is actually just Earth in the future.
The novel is set in a small town in Sweden at the beginning of the 20th Century. Edith, a young "Slum Sister" in the service of the Salvation Army is on her death bed dying of "consumption" She requests that before she dies, she would like to see again David Holm.
The events of Camber the Heretic span roughly one year, from January 917 to early January 918. The novel begins as the Deryni Healer Rhys Thuryn and his wife, Evaine MacRorie Th King Cinhil Haldane is dying, a fact which deeply concerns Camber and his family.
The novel opens with Lucius Cornelius Sulla's return from the East, the second civil war his rise to the Dictatorship. The book's title is a reference to an often repeated theme in the series, and expresses the Roman belief that Fortuna, the Goddess of Luck, would take a hand in the lives of those who please her, helping them along when they needed it most.
Peony is set in the 1850s in the city of K'aifeng, in the province of Honan, which was historically a center for Chinese Jews. The novel follows Peony, a Chinese bondmaid of the prominent Jewish family of Ezra ben Israel. Peony contains a hidden love and shows the importance of duty along with the challenges of life.
The Bishop's Heir is a novel about the reign of the Bishop of Mear. The novel details the events of a period of time lasting roughly a month and a half. Kelson learns more about Princess Caitrin Quinnell, the Mearan Pretender. Caitrin is determined to establish herself as queen of a free Meara.
Eddie Bear has been deposed as the mayor of Toy City and the toymaker has taken away his modifications. Jill has left Jack and he is now working in Nadine's Diner. Jack and Eddie start investigating even though Jack doesn't plan on it. Their investigations end up getting them in trouble with Inspector Bellis.
The book consists topics regarding Musharraf's personal life to the international and national issues and his rise to power. He writes about his childhood and education and a life he spent in Turkey. The memoir also includes some very important international events which had direct connection with Musharraf and his policies.
Bertram and Cary are about to get married in Monte Carlo. Bertram loses so much money that he gets the attention of Mr. Bowles. In exchange, Bertram wants Bowles' shares of the company. Cary is disappointed that Bertram becomes obsessed with his system.
Wyl Thirsk, former general of the Morgravian army and bearer of the curse known as Myrren's gift, is running out of time. Marriage between his beloved Queen Valentyna and his sworn enemy, the despotic King Celimus, is imminent. Despite the impending nuptials, war looms between the two nations.
Wyl Thirsk wanted to follow in the footsteps of his father, Fergys. But change is in the wind after King Magnus married a foreign woman. She gave him a cruel but handsome son - Prince Celimus. Wyl wants his family to be happy, as his father was.
D Hawkmoon and D'Averc are rescued from Trott's forces by the Great Good Ones. They confront Shenegar Trott and find themselves joined by Orland Fank and the Warrior in Jet and Gold. Baron Meliadus is threatened with dismissal if he does not learn the means of the escape of the Asiacommunista emissaries.
Jean Macquart, an itinerant farm worker, has come to Rognes, a small village in La Beauce, where he works as a day labourer. He begins to court a local girl, Françoise Mouche, Lise is married to Buteau, a young man from the village, who is attracted to both sisters.
A man wakes in hospital to find he cannot remember anything except that he has something vital to do. He hears voices outside discussing the unconscious patient - who they say has killed a policeman and will be hanged. He escapes in a stolen car. Campion remembers that the woman is called Amanda and thinks she must be his wife. He is shocked when she tells him she wants to break off their engagement.
Spock travels back to the time and place of Here Come the Brides, a television program loosely based upon Asa Mercer's efforts to bring civilization to 1860s Seattle. The show's premise was that eldest brother, Jason Bolt, bet his entire logging operation that he could persuade one hundred marriageable ladies to come to Seattle, and that all of them would be married or engaged within one year.
When Peggy Grahame's father dies, she has no choice but to reside in the home of her only remaining relative, her uncle Enos. Peggy is forced to spend much of her time alone in the large, Colonial house, and soon discovers it to be haunted by the ghosts of her eighteenth-century ancestors. With the help of the ghosts' stories, Peggy is able to unravel a centuries-old family mystery, win the affection of her uncle and find a romance of her own.
Two boys find a mysterious ad in a newspaper asking for two young boys to build a spaceship. They quickly construct one out of old tin and scrap wood, and bring it to the advertiser. This man is the mysterious Mr. Bass, a scientist living in an observatory. He shows the boys a previously undetected satellite of the earth, the eponymous planet. He gives them some special fuel he invented to power their spaceship, and tells them to fly to the mushroom planet.
The story opens with Theo Bass, the cousin of Tyco Bass, coming to Pacific Grove, CA and visiting the two boys from the first book. He has been a traveller around the world for many years, and when he finds out about the mushroom planet, he decides to rebuild the boys' lost spaceship and return to what he knows is his ancestral home.
The story takes place in the Aleran Empire, which contains "crafters", people who control the elements. Amara is training to become one of the Cursori, messengers and spies for the First Lord of Al Amara. The story switches to a steadholt controlled by Bernard, a man who lost his wife and The Marat are a warrior people who form tribes based on bonds with different animals, for example horses.
Kellen, Jermayan, and Idalia learn of the bargain Vielissar Farcarinon made to seal He Who Is during the last Shadow War. Their arrival in the world restores the waning of the Wild Mage Vestakia. Savilla uses all of the slaves the Demon army has to cast an extremely powerful spell.
The plot of The King's Justice spans a period of two months, from May 1124 to July 1124. The novel begins as King Kelson Haldane is making final preparations to launch a military campaign into the province of M Kelson's plan deeply concerns the Camberian Council, who have long believed that multiple Haldanes cannot wield the magic simultaneously.
Peter Diggs has a vivid dream in which he meets a woman called Amaryllis. When he later encounters the same woman in real life, he discovers the two of them have the ability to enter each other's dreams. A cautious relationship is begun, half in the real world and half in dreams. Both parties struggle to overcome the emotional effects of previous failed romances.
Emma has trained Paula to be her successor, both as the head of Harte Stores and as representative of her mother, Daisy Amory, at Sitex. On their arrival in New York, Emma works as a servant at Fairley Hall in rural Yorkshire. As parlourmaid, Emma sees a lot of the Emma and Edwin bond over the death of their mothers. Their friendship becomes intimate and Emma gets pregnant.
Nelson Dyar's exploration of the brothels, drugs and unsavoury characters of Tangier leads him gradually to a sinister conclusion. Bowles took the book's title from Macbeth III.3, just before Banquo is murdered: :Banquo: It will be rain to-night. :1st. Murd.: Let it come down.
The Stones of Summer follows the life of Dawes Oldham Williams from childhood to teenage years. The book is divided into three sections. Section 1 follows Dawes and his parents on a visit to Dawes City, Iowa. Section 2 chronicles Dawes' teenage life and his escapades with best friends Dunker, Travis, and Eddie.
Tintin goes to Thailand to look for Jolyon Wagg who went there on a trip he won from his employer, the Rock Bottom Insurance Company, but never came back. After a series of misadventures the group finds itself back in Chiang Mai in time for the celebration of the new year of 2000. The story ends with Tintin being presented with the first copy of Tintar in Thailand.
Ben has dyslexia and is struggling to learn how to read. He has been told by the school principal that if his reading skills do not improve, he will not advance to the next grade. The story is about a cat named Whittington that goes to live in a barn that is owned by a man named Bernie.
The novel tells the story of Jamal Hicks, a 12-year-old boy from Harlem. In order for his older brother to be released from jail joins a gang. Jamal is given a gun to get his way in to his brother's former position as the leader of the Scorpions.
The protagonist begins life in a privileged home where she is estranged from her family by their reliance on drugs to regulate their emotions and social interactions. She leaves them in order to pursue a man that she falls in love with on first sight despite a language barrier. Noli unlike Uncumber is from the working class and she finally abandons him when he insists on using drugs which she abhors in their love making.
The novel's progagonist is Ranald Sigmundson, an Orkneyman who journeys to Vinland as a youth. The story's prose style is quite minimalistic and vivid, after the manner of an ancient Norse saga. It is, like much of Brown's other work, a revival of that literary form.
Eucalyptus tells the story of Ellen Holland, a young woman whose "speckled beauty" and unattainability become legend. Her protective father's obsession with collecting rare species of Eucalypticus trees leads him to propose a contest. The man who can correctly name all the species on his property shall win her hand in marriage.
Theseus returns to Athens along with the other Athenian bull-leapers. His father, Aigeus, has committed suicide, which leaves the kingdom to the young Theseus. Theseus falls in love with Hippolyta the leader of the Amazons, and after defeating her in single combat, takes her home to Athens with him.
Farsala needs a champion now. Sorahb son of Rostam will be restored by the god Azura. Kavi has second thoughts about helping the Hrum and switches sides. Jiaan and Soraya still hate Kavi for his betrayal of Farsala.
Dayven is a watcherlad who wants to become a Guardian. He definitely does not want to be a wizard, regarding them as deceitful and disloyal. When he is sent to the wizards to take the wizard test, he hopes to fail. Instead, he finds he has a gift for magic.
Boualem Yekker is a bookseller in a country probably modelled on Algeria. His home is firmly in the grip of religious fundamentalists, but only recently. He is "neither elegant nor talented", which puts him out of the spotlight. But he doesn't fit in too well in this new, retrograde society.
The amoral Agent Hillier of MI6 journeys to the city of Yarylyuk aboard the passenger ship Polyolbion. He is on a mission to infiltrate a convention of Soviet scientists and return to Britain his childhood friend Roper. En route, he meets the sexually precocious sixteen-year-old Clara, the voluptuous femme fatale Miss Devi, and the shadowy tycoon Theodorescu.
The original chapter i, on "The New Libertarian Movement," being deemed irrelevant and outdated, was transformed into an appendix providing an annotated outline of the movement. It states that one of the libertarian's prime educational tasks is to spread the demystification and des Government is the red thread marking and uniting the major problems of the day.
Two parents who are completely unprepared for parenthood bring home their newborn baby. The two cannot seem to name the baby. To their rescue comes Nanny - who enters their apartment as if by magic, and is full of abrupt shifts of mood. In subsequent scenes, John and Nanny have an affair, Helen takes baby and leaves, only to come back a moment later rain-soaked and unhappy.
Erdrich explores the complexities of parenthood and infidelity for Marie, Nector and Lulu. June Morrissey dies trying to walk home in a snow storm. Nector was always in love with Lulu but married Marie for reasons unbeknown. Gordie runs away after drunkenly confessing to a nun.
Large deposits of dilithium are detected on a colony planet, and delegations are sent by the United Federation of Planets and the Klingon Empire to negotiate for mining rights. They find the planet Direidi and its inhabitants to be very strange indeed. In the end, it turns out that the inhabitants have set everything up according to "Plan C" - Comedy.
Mark has just moved into a grand new house in a new neighborhood so that he can hold a company party at his house. While moving in, Mark discovers that hard copies of magazines are delivered to his house every day except Sunday. He has no idea where they could have possibly come from. Unable to figure out what to do with the children, Mark goes to his sister Kate for advice.
David Levinsky is an 1881 novel about a Russian Jewish boy. The book is told in the form of a fictional autobiography. David is introduced as the son of the woman killed on the Horse-market. He falls ill and is visited by Shiphrah every day in the hospital.
Maia is an orphan living in the Mayfair Academy for Young Ladies in England. Along with a governess, Miss Minton, Maia goes by sea to Manaus, Brazil. On the ship, she meets a boy named Clovis King, who is traveling with his adoptive parents.
Main characters are two men, Jay and Ben. The novel consists of their dialogues in a hotel room in Washington, D.C., in May 2004. Jay explains to Ben that he has decided he must, "for the good of humankind", assassinate President George W. Bush, and then kill himself. Ben, who symbolises American modern liberalism, spends his time trying to persuade Jay to cancel his "mission"
Jimmy Renilson is an engineer aboard a North Sea oil rig, who divides his time between his affair with temperamental artist Kim Russell and rock climbing. The narrative describes Jimmy's stormy relationship with Kim, and events affecting their circle of friends. It was shortlisted for the McVitie's Prize for Scottish Writer of the Year.
The novel tells the story of Shori, who appears to be a 10 or 11 year old African-American girl, but is actually a 53 year old member of a race called "Ina", or vampires. They are physically superior to humans, both in strength and the ability to heal from injury, but the Ina's relationships with humans whose blood they drink are non-lethal and symbiotic.
The Snow Goose is a simple, short written parable on the regenerative power of friendship and love, set against a backdrop of the horror of war. It documents the growth of a friendship between Philip Rhayader, an artist living a solitary life in an abandoned lighthouse in Essex because of his disabilities, and a young local girl, Fritha.
Young, idealistic Mark Coffin-he will not turn thirty until a week after the election-wins a surprise, upset victory. Mark's father-in-law is Jim Elrod, the powerful senior senator from North Carolina. Three other main characters include reporters Bill Adams, Chuck Dangerfield, and Lisette Greyson.
Traudl Junge was Hitler's personal secretary during the Second World War. She was 21 years old when she was hired by Hitler. She describes the luxuries that she and other secretaries took advantage of. She claims that she was blind to the genocidal activities that were conducted around her because she was so spellbound.
The novel concerns a man named Corky Withers, a shy, odd-tempered and alcoholic magician. It chronicles Corky's childhood and adolescence, and his deep love for a high-school crush. The novel is written kaleidoscopically, changing time period, location, and point of view swiftly.
The book begins with Kang and his force of draconians preparing to ambush an army of goblins which are trying to destroy Kang's force because they have females. Kang creates an enemy out of Maranta because Kang received the "glory" from Takhisis. The females are forced to spend their lives within a wooden house, supposedly to protect them from other draconians.
At the end of The Life of the World to Come, Alec Checkerfield, aboard his schooner the Captain Morgan, crewed and piloted by the eponymous AI he created from a teaching computer. Alec and the Captain arrive from the future, with Edward in control of their body. They find Mendoza, who has been lying in a steel coffin in 2317, waiting for Budu to finish regenerating after rescuing him in 2276.
Pavel "Pasha" Ivanov, one of the leading members of Russia's new billionaire class, dies in an apparent suicide. Ivanov swallowed a quantity of salt with bread before jumping in an apparently futile attempt to try and protect any acquaintances entering the apartment later. In the drawer of his bureau, Arkady finds a radiation dosimeter wrapped in a blood-stained handkerchief.
Stoppard's farce consists of two hours of slapstick shenanigans, mistaken identities, misdirected orders, malapropisms, double entendres, and romantic complications. Herr Zangler, the twisted-tongued proprietor of an upscale grocery store in a small Austrian village, plans to marry Mme. Knorr.
The novel is a first person narrative told from the point of view of Maud Ruthyn, an heiress living with her sombre, reclusive father Austyn Ruthyn. She gradually becomes aware of the existence of Sil. In the first part of the novel, Maud's father hires a French governess, Madame de la Rougierre, as a companion for her. The governess turns out to be a sinister figure who has designs on Maud.
Fact and fiction are combined to tell the stories of two fictitious people. Birger Lund, a Swedish journalist and passenger on the airship, who apparently suffered horrific injuries during the crash. Edmond Boysen, a member of the crew, was manning the controls at the time, and seems to have got away unscathed.
Set in 1950s Paris against the backdrop of the French-Algerian conflict, the book tells the story of an affair. Saffie, the young German wife of renowned French musician Raphael Lepage; and Andras, a Hungarian-Jewish instrument repairer living in the city's Mairie immigrant district.
Nozick discusses his reverence for Socrates, and his intellectual debts to Sidney Morgenbesser and Carl Hempel. He describes the influence of decision theory on Anarchy, State, and Utopias derivation of the state from individuals' actions. He concludes the introduction by talking about philosophy as a way of life.
Robert Phillips, known by his nickname "Bobby", wakes up one day to find that he can no longer see himself. He drinks a glass of orange juice, which to the astonishment of his parents, seems to make a"spoon float in the air" After a brief argument with his mother, Bobby is told to stay at home until his parents decide get back from work.
Cara Landry, a new student in Mr. Larson's 5th Grade classroom, publishes her own individual newspaper during her first year at Denton Elementary School titled "The Landry News" She writes an editorial about her teacher, who had once been a top-quality teacher but had over time become too apathetic to teach. Cara then expands the newspaper with every edition, each even better than the first, with the help of her newly-found friends. One day when the newspaper is at its peak, her friend named Michael, a computer whiz who handles the newspaper layout, comes up to her and asks if she could read a story his "friend" wrote.
Captain Rick Galloway is a U.S. Army officer from the Cold War period. He and his unit of soldiers are abducted from a CIA-run operation against Cubans. The beings abduct them present themselves as rescuers from a hopeless situation. Afterwards, the human soldiers have the option of serving the aliens in a special situation.
 Darkness has fallen on the lands of the sun as an army of misshapen fey spill out from beyond the Shadowline. At their head is Yasammez, dark creature of nightmare. A furtive bargain was struck at the gates of Southmarch and the castle was spared, but centuries of enmity will not be so easily appeased.
Mouse is in a jam-soon he'll be weasel soup. Weasel is ready for his dinner. and poor mouse is it. Just in time, he thinks up a clever and entertaining way to distract the weasel from serving up mouse soup for dinner. 
The story is of a young teenager named Thomas "Tommo" Peaceful. Tommo tells the story in account format from the past to the present day events of his experiences living in the village of Iddesleigh during World War I. The earlier part of the story tells of his doings before the war, the tale of his love for Molly - a beautiful girl he met on his first day at school and grew to love besottedly.
Charlotte Enright is an eleven year old girl who lives with her mother, Jo, in a council flat. She is the 'most popular' girl in her school and as a result has a lot of friends. When her classes' form teacher goes on maternity leave she is replaced by a strict woman called Miss Beckworth, whom Charlie dislikes. She forces Charlie to sit next to an intelligent boy, Jamie Edwards, who Charlie hates. Charlie decides to write a diary, told from the point of view of her character Lottie who is eleven years old, like Charlie; however she has left school to become a servant.
A small boy is left on his own in a flat. The boy answers a knocking on the front door of his high rise flat to find a man with no head standing on the doorstep. The man cannot speak, but the boy knows he is asking him for help. Stark is forced to confront both his past and a present which has become a living death.
Larklight is a space opera set in an alternate Victorian era. Protagonist Art Mumby narrates an attack on the British Empire by an arachnid-like extraterrestrial race. Art and Myrtle crash-land on the Moon, where they are encased with the predatory larvae of the Potter Moth and freed by pirate Jack Havock.
Locke Lamora, the erstwhile Thorn of Camorr, and Jean Tannen have fled their home city. Locke and Jean soon find themselves co-opted into an attempt to bring the pirate fleet of the notorious Zamira Drakasha to justice. All the while, the Bondsmagi are plotting their revenge against Locke, the one man who has humiliated them and lived.
The story deals with a father that takes his daughter owling for the first time on a cold winter's night. Along their way, they encounter a Great Horned Owl. The daughter is actually Yolen's child, Heidi Stemple. The "Pa" character is based on her husband.
A man named Johano visits a family on an island. The boy develops great musical talent, and becomes a great violin master. In the village Brey, Rika returns home one day to find a baby boy in a box on the table. It develops he too is very talented and become a violincelloist. In 1914 a concert was arranged in The Hague to which the three masters were invited. All three looked identical - even their friends couldn't tell them apart.
The novel follows the plot and scenes of the Stormbreaker movie plot, though some scenes are shortened or excised. Some scenes were also altered slightly, including the dematerializing of a fish in the jellyfish tank. The story starts off with Alex Rider at Brookland School, where he gives a speech about his family, but not much of it, claiming he didn't know his parents.
In northern part of the land lies the Moidart and the city of Eldacre. Further north is the location of the Rigante clans. Gaise Macon is in the Royalist king's army, and serves loyally. An old prophecy, however, is making him a hunted man by the treachourous Lord Winterbourne.
This book takes place in late 1878, six years after the events of The Ruby in the Smoke. A woman named Miss Walsh walks into the offices of S. Lockhart, Financial Consultant. Sally Mackinnon sees a man who tries to scare her off investigating her employer. Axel Bellmann makes a financial deal with a Lord Wytham.
Sally Lockhart has a daughter named Harriet, a nurse named Sarah-Jane and a cook named Ellie. Her friends Webster, Jim and Charles are in South America taking pictures. One day a divorce affidavit arrives at the house. Sally finds that the priest that supposedly married them is now retired under a cloud of suspicion.
Sixteen-year-old Becky is about to have her life changed. A dramatic explosion is only the start of her incredible adventure. As maid to the cockney Crown Princess of Razkavia, a tiny kingdom in Europe, she is plunged into a turmoil of murder and intrigue.
Two brothers, Calum and Neil, are working in the forest of a Scottish country house during five autumn days in 1943. The harmony of their life together is shadowed by the obsessive hatred of Duror, the gamekeeper. Lady Runcie-Campbell, the aristocratic landowner, dislikes having the two brothers on the estate, and tries to avoid communicating with them.
The book follows the history of ECW from its start in 1991 under the banner Tri-State Wrestling Alliance with owner Joel Goodhart. The book ends with how ECW went bankrupt in the late 1990s and early 2000. In 2007, the paperback version of the book was released with an updated chapter on WWE's revival of the ECW brand in 2006.
Samantha is a motherless child of a fisherman. To keep herself busy, she pretends that her mother is a mermaid and that Bangs, her cat, can talk to her. Sam also claims to have a pet kangaroo. She prefers her fantasies to reality; but her father calls her tales "moonshine"
Vlad is stuck between the Jhereg Organization and his wife's group of Easterner and Teckla revolutionists. During an unusual attempt on his life, Vlad prays to his goddess Verra for aid. As payment, Verra requests that Vlad kill the King of Greenaere, an island kingdom off the coast of Adrilankha.
Vlad was born in Adrilankha, the capital city of the Dragaeran Empire. The story follows three separate timelines that ultimately come together by the end of the book. The first timeline begins each chapter and features Vlad performing an extremely complicated ritual. The second timeline charts the details of Vlad's development through childhood.
Kiera the Thief is the story of Vlad's estranged wife Cawti. Vlad asks Kiera to break into the mansion of the late Orca businessman Fyres. Vlad determines that a cover-up is underway by at least one covert Imperial agency. Vlad reveals that Kiera is in fact an alternate identity of Sethra Lavode.
The plot cuts between three timelines. The first timeline follows Vlad's actions at the final battle of a war he has joined. The second follows the events that lead up to the battle and the third marks the events after the battle. In the third timeline, Vlad has returned home from war. He learns that Sethra the Younger picked up the great sword.
Vlad is still on the run from the Jhereg Organization. Lady Teldra, the Issola servant of his friend Morrolan, requests his help. Vlad learns that the disappearance probably has something to do with the Jen. Vlad uses his witchcraft to summon Verra, an extravagant insult. Verra quickly learns the scope of Vlad's power.
Palmer LaRue grew up in a town called Waymer with a yearly tradition of letting pigeons out of a crate and shooting them with shotguns. Ten-year-old boys learn how to pick up the wounded birds that have not yet died and then wring their necks to "put them out of their misery" Palmer keeps a pigeon named Nipper as a pet while keeping the pigeon's existence a secret.
The novel's narrator and protagonist, 11-almost-12-year-old Hattie Owen, expects to be as comfortably uneventful as all the others in her small town of tranquil Millerton, PA. She's looking forward to helping her mother run their boarding house with its eccentric adult boarders, painting alongside her father, and reading. A heartbreaking turn of events leads to everyone-including Hattie-realizing that no one really knew and understood Adam as much as he needed them to.
The Panic of 1819 grew largely out of the changes wrought by the War of 1812 on the still-fledgling republic. The outbreak of war stifled foreign trade and spurred the growth of domestic manufacturing. The credit expansion also led to rising prices, as economic theory from the Austrian School would predict.
Sten is leader of the Mantis Team 13, Empire's covert ops. Team Sten receives very simple order: in three years he has to pacify whole Lupus Cluster. Emperor will have to send Imperial Guard, which will be a great hit on Sten took Alex Kilgour, his best friend and former teammember from Mantis.
Sten is now the commander of the Imperial Gurkhas, personal bodyguards of the Eternal Emperor. Sten isn't happy with his new assignment at the Imperial Court, thinking of Court as "boring place full of boring people". When a bomb explosion in a bar kills a local mafia leader, Sten is surprised that Emperor immediately puts him on the case, apparently for no reason.
In this book Sten goes to flight school to learn the ins-and-outs of space combat and then heads off to the front lines of the impending war with the militaristic Tahn. Sten's tacships stop first invasion attempt, but Sten is unable to protect planet indefinitely and eventually loses all his ships.
The Quest for Saint Camber covers a period of approximately three months, from early March to mid-June 1125. The novel begins as Prince Conall Haldane meets with the Deryni adept Tiercel de Kelson. Conall's own attraction for Rothana further fuels his jealousy toward his royal cousin.
Ellie Friedman-Bernal is suspected of selling ancient Anasazi pottery on the black market. Lieutenant Joe Leaphorn and Officer Jim Chee are sent to investigate. The cryptic notes lead them to preacher/fence Slick Nakai and his musician/accomplice Pete Etcitty.
All of the players are back again, born in medieval London, and with more desire to finish the Troy Game for once and for all. Brutus is reborn as King Charles, Coel as Louis de Silva, Matilda as Queen Catherine, Ecub as Marguerite, Cornelia as Noah Banks, Genvissa as Jane Orr and Asterion as Weyland Orr.
Guy Grand is an eccentric billionaire who spends most of his time playing elaborate practical jokes on people. One of Grand's favorite pranks is to buy hot dogs from railway station vendors just before the train pulls out. Grand secretly buys a respectable New York advertising agency and installs a pygmy as its president. He then buys a cosmetics company and launches a big promotional campaign for a new shampoo.
Carla Lovchen and Neya Tormic, two young women from Montenegro, come to Wolfe's office asking his assistance. They have been accused, falsely she says, of the theft of diamonds from the locker room of a fencing studio where she works. The body has been pierced by an épée &ndash; but because of the rapier's blunt point, this is thought at first to be an impossibility. Archie notices that an object has been stashed in the pocket of his topcoat.
Nine-year-old Hannah Green sees Thomas Seymour and Elizabeth flirting. Seymour is executed within a year. Hannah's father dresses her as a boy to protect her. Lord Robert Dudley and John Dee, his tutor, visit the shop. John realises that Hannah has the Sight. Hannah becomes the Dudley family's vassal.
Hope Yancey lives with her aunt, Addie, in Brooklyn. Her mother, Deena, did not consider herself to be a suitable parent. G.T. decided to run for mayor against the current, very corrupt mayor Eli Millstone. Millstone lets the Real Fresh Dairy company not pay taxes. In exchange the workers at this company must support his campaign.
Phileas Fogg is a mysterious British gentleman who lives with his valet Passepartout at No. 7 Saville-Row in Burlington Gardens during the latter half of the 19th century. Unbeknownst to his peers, he is also the immortal foster child of a race of humanoid aliens known as the Eridani. Fogg enters into a wager with a fellow Eridanian citing that he can circumnavigate the globe in exactly eighty days.
The Palmer family are going on a trip to the Magpie Islands. Mrs. Palmer breaks her ankle and has to leave with Mr. Palmer to go to the hospital. Jonathan and Abby are by themselves when Moose, their dog, starts barking frantically. The ground starts rumbling and shaking. It then starts to pour down rain on them.
The story is about an orphan girl named Meryl and her dream of becoming a bard like her mother before her. She and a Draoi named Halstatt come together to journey to a great kingdom and drink from a magic cauldron to discover her true destiny.
Maria Maffei appeals to Wolfe to locate her missing brother Carlo. Wolfe, affected by the Depression, decides to take the job, although it is unappealing to him. Archie locates Anna Fiore, a girl who listened in on a phone call Carlo received at his boarding-house.
The novel tells the story of Laura Clayborne, a successful journalist, the wife of a stockbroker and mother-to-be. Mary Terrell, aka Mary Terror, is a survivor of the radical 1960s and a once a member of the fanatical Storm Front Brigade. Mary steals Laura's baby and the manhunt is on.
Hirsi Ali writes about her youth in Somalia, Saudi Arabia, Ethiopia and Kenya. She also talks about her university experience in Leiden, her work for the Labour Party, and her election to Parliament. The book ends with the controversy regarding her citizenship.  Hirsi Ali is the author of the film Submission with Theo van Gogh.
The British Merchant Navy hospital ship San Andreas is en route from Murmansk to Halifax, Nova Scotia during World War II. It is forced to change its destination to Aberdeen, Scotland. With most of the senior officers dead and the captain incapacitated, Bosun Archie McKinnon must take charge of the damaged ship and steer her to safety.
Brought up by intelligent language-using Royal wolves, Firekeeper was found by humans and has yet to learn of human politics, diplomacy and more. After the three artifacts of magical value are stolen by Queen Valora, things start to go wrong. Princess Sapphire and Prince Shad are almost assassinated at their wedding. Lady Melina Shield, who longs for the artifacts, has sorcery in her control.
The Six Thinking Hats method could be used in a sequence to first of all explore the problem, then develop a set of solutions, and to finally choose a solution through critical examination of the solution set. De Bono believed that the key to a successful use of the Six Thinking hats methodology was the deliberate focusing of the discussion on a particular approach as needed during the meeting.
The plot of The Harrowing of Gwynedd spans seven months, from early January to early August 918. The novel begins as Father Joram MacRorie and his sister discuss the recent death of their father, Camber. The Camberian Council is desperate to save even a few of their people.
The novel sees the return of Wendy Darling, her brother John, and adopted brothers Nibs, Slightly, Tootles, the Twins and Curly. The novel opens with John Darling and his wife denying the vivid, realistic dreams about Wendy. Captain Pan discovers the late Captain Hook's second-best coat. In the pocket, he finds a treasure map of Neverland.
Ella Brown of Fridesia is forced into servitude to her stepmother, Lucille, and stepsisters, Corimunde and Griselda, after her father dies. She manages to attend the royal ball by wearing her mother's wedding dress and glass slippers she won in a wager. Ella ran from the ball at midnight, dropping a slipper. The prince finally found her through the shoe fitting.
Wittgenstein's Poker is a book about the 1946 confrontation between Wittgenstein and Popper. Popper was invited to present a paper entitled "Are There Philosophical Problems?" at a meeting of the Moral Sciences Club in Cambridge. The two started arguing vehemently over whether there existed substantial problems in philosophy, or merely linguistic puzzles. In Popper's, and the popular account, Wittgen Goldstein used a fireplace poker to emphasize his points.
That Summer is a love story told against the background of the Battle of Britain. Len Westbourne, an inexperienced fighter pilot, falls in love with Stella Gardam, a more worldly radar operator. Len is injured when his Hawker Hurricane crashes and goes off to recuperate with Stella in the countryside.
Carlos Amoroso is 15 years old and never even kissed a girl. The object of his desire, Roxy Rodriguez, has no idea that Carlos is even alive. After watching a television show about gay guys making over a straight guy, Carlos gets an idea: What if he got a makeover from Sal?
Thirteen Bullets takes place in Pennsylvania in the year 2003, in a setting similar to the real world, but where vampires and other supernatural forces are rare but accepted phenomena. It is widely believed that vampires were all but wiped out twenty years ago by Special Deputy Jameson Arkeley. The last vampire still in existence, Justinia Malvern, is long imprisoned in a nearly abandoned sanitarium.
The Davidson family adopts Aleasha, a black, white, and tan colored Australian shepherd puppy from a farm. One day Aleasha sees herself in the mirror and realises that she is not an actual human member of the family, but a puppy. She decides to physically transform into a girl so she can fit in better with the Davidsons. By spring Aleasha has finished her physical change and is now a seven-year-old girl.
Mr. Geiser is bored in his Ticinese house during torrential rains. There is a report of a landslide caused by the deluge, cutting off the valley. Fearing a large slide that would bury the village and man's knowledge, Geiser reads in his encyclopedia, the Bible, and history books. Despite the weather, he hikes outdoors along diverging paths. He notes man's insignificance and meaninglessness.
Cilarnen is on the council with Lycaelon Tavadon. His father is the mage who recommended changing city limits to the very walls of the city. Idalia decides she now wants to be with Jermay. Kellen must be chaste and celibate for a year and a day.
Andrew Greig has rewritten John Macnab by John Buchan for the late 20th century. In The Return of John MacNab three rather downcast friends decide to revive Buchan's novel. The modern-day MacNabs are hijacked by Kirsty Fowler, a hard-living reporter and singer.
Danny, Irene, and Joe break into Prof. Bullfinch's lab to recover the probe. The probe's absence is realized which leads to Colonel Twist, the commanding officer of the two guards, to delusively believe the device has been stolen by a foreign power. Danny and the Professor make their way to the probe's controls and cause a fire that destroys both the notes and probe.
A mysterious young woman moves into deserted Crawhill cottage on the estate of Sir Simon Elliot in the Scottish Borders. The novel is based around a set of antique plates that the young woman brings with her, depicting the Border Ballads, "Twa Corbies" and "Barbara Allen"
The novel alternates between present-day Orkney and the 1930s in Penang, British Malaya in South East Asia. Edward Mackay decides to find out more about his late father's mysterious past. Dr Alexander Mackay's secret is gradually revealed by his son's findings.
Polly, Rowena, and Adam are three children who make wishes on a card with a red spot on it. All three of their wishes come true exactly as they tell it. The stories each end with the involved child being reminded in some way of the fourth wish card Stew Meat has.
Starman Axis defeated Gorgrael and united the peoples of Tencendor. Axis left his son Caelum to rule as the Starson. In this era of peace he struggles to maintain the balance between the various provinces as racial tensions rise. He finds himself engaging in an affair with his sister Riverstar, who eventually becomes pregnant and threatens to blackmail her brother with this fact. In a rage he murders his sister and implicates his brother Drago with the crime.
Drago Noah tells Drago of how the Enemy separated Qeteb and journeyed through space to find a place to store the component parts. Drago is informed that a Sanctuary exists somewhere in the waterways that can hold Tencendor's The film is based on the novel of the same name by the same author.
The book opens in Mexico City in the future, where sometime assassin Axl Borja is about to try to make one last hit. Axl's mission is to track down the late Pope Joan, who drained the Vatican's immense assets to buy aid and other kinds of support for the Third World. One of the most interesting features of the book is its soundtrack.
The events of King Javan's Year span a period of approximately sixteen months, from June 921 to October 922. As the novel begins, the dying King Alroy Haldane commands that his twin brother, Prince Javan Javan succeeds in disproving their claim that he took permanent religious vows. Several weeks later, Javan discovers his brother dallying with Lady Michaela Drummond.
"1918" shows us the lives of the Pargiters, a family of do-gooders. Martin, now forty, visits the house of Digby and Eugénie, which has already been sold. Eleanor visits her brother Morris and Celia, who have a teenaged son and daughter.
Raging at the escape of the StarSon, Qeteb has the Hawkchilds scour the remains of Tencendor. Although they don't immediately find Sanctuary, a Hawkchild does find and return the wooden bowl given to Faraday by the Mother. Unaware of this oversight, the Mother, Ur, and the Horned Ones wait in the Sacred Groves.
Cythera is set in a near future Earth following an unsuccessful Third World Children's Crusade against the West. Film-maker Flynn has been imprisoned for making the subversive Dahlia Chan films. Thanks to the increasing power of the Net sentient 'ghosts' of media images have crossed from Earth 2 to Earth 1.
Olive Martin was imprisoned for life after police found her cradling the shattered bodies of her mother and sister. She had previously dismembered them and re-arranged their limbs into abstract shapes. Troubled journalist Rosalind Leigh reluctantly agrees to write a book about Olive. She gradually comes to believe that she is concealing something, maybe even her own innocence.
Tara is outgoing and impulsive and likes to write, while Elizabeth is shy, quiet and prefers writing poetry. Even so, they are best friends. When Tara moves to Ohio, the girls continue their friendship through letters back and forth to each other. They have to do this by writing, because Elizabeth's father does not like Tara, and Tara's parents think it is expensive to talk on the phone.
Tara* Starr and Elizabeth have been friends since 8th grade. After a year of snail mail following Tara*Starr's move to Ohio, the long-distance friends are ready for the more immediate gratification of e-mail. Tara* Starr is getting used to having a baby sister in the house.
Eleven Kids, One Summer continues the story of the children of the Rosso family as they summer on a beach on Fire Island. The story also reveals that the youngest child, who had yet to be born in the previous book, is a boy named Keegan according to Mrs. Rosso's naming scheme.
Shirley Basini is in fourth grade. Her scholastic performance is poor because she is dyslexic. Shirley's parents decide to adopt a Vietnamese baby boy as their own. Shirley becomes excited with the prospect of being able to teach and help someone learn how to speak English.
Eleanor Roosevelt Dingman is an 11-year-old girl who lives on Witch Tree Lane. Ellie's life is turned upside down when her mother decides to go into show business. Ellie discovers she has more power than she thinks and can change her life no matter what the situation.
Annabelle Doll and Tiffany Funcraft get into trouble when trying to hide from their owner, Kate Palmer. They hide in her backpack and get taken to school. There, they explore and eventually get into a backpack they think is Kate's but it is really the backpack of a different child, named BJ. The dolls are taken to BJ's house where they meet Waterfall, Melody, Yvonne, Penny, and Beth.
Squirrel is a stray puppy who lives in a shed behind the summer home of a wealthy family, The Merrions. When Stream disappears, Squirrel and Bone must set off on their own. Squirrel joins forces with another female stray, Moon, for a short time. Later, after being attacked by stray dogs at a gas station, the pair are struck by a car, killing Moon and injuring Squirrel.
Michael Martin Plunkett is a child genius who comes from a broken home. He takes solace in a series of disturbing fantasies in which he re-assembles his classmates' body parts. Following the Tate/LaBianca Murders, Shroud Shifter appears to Plunketts, encouraging him to commit more violent crimes. He embarks on a road trip across the western United States.
Jane Rochford is summoned to court by the Duke of Norfolk to be a lady-in-waiting at the court of King Henry VIII. Katherine Howard is a young girl living with her grandmother at Lambeth Palace. She has taken a lover, Francis Dereham, and the two have sworn to be married. Young Katherine's life takes a bad turn when her past returns to haunt her.
Eight Lectures on Yoga is divided into two chapters. Crowley instructs students on the steps needed to approach mysticism through Yoga. One intent Crowley had in writing the book was to dispel the various myths surrounding Yoga in Europe at the time. Most thought it to be an exotic, Eastern ritual of the ancient past.
The events of The Bastard Prince span a period of approximately six months, from late May to late December of 928. The novel begins after the invasion of Prince Marek Furstán-Festil, the bastard child of the last Rhysel Thuryn. Rhys Michael asks the northern lords to help him break free of the great lords.
Fly Away Peter is an Australian novel set before and during the First World War. First part of the novel is set on the Queensland Gold Coast, and the second part on the Western Front. The central character is Jim Saddler, a self-contained young man with a profound understanding of the bird life of an estuary.
What Fire Cannot Burn is the story of LAPD officer Soledad O'Roark and her battle against the Metanormals. The Metanormal Tactical Unit, or "MTac," has declared all-out war against these modern-day titans. The main character is a rookie MTac whose single-minded hatred of the Metas is extreme even by her profession.
The plot opens up with successful Los Angeles lawyer and hunter named Madec, who hires Ben, a timid college student to help him find bighorn sheep in the nearby Mojave Desert. Things take a deadly turn when Madec accidentally shoots an old prospector, as he was a man of importance who does not have time to sit in jail. Ben thinks that the honest thing to do is for the two of them to report the accidental shooting.
The plot of King Kelson's Bride spans a period of two and a half months, from late June to mid-August 1128. The novel opens in Torenth, where Princess Morag Furstána, Duke Mah Kelson has held King Liam Lajos II at his court in Rhemuth. Rothana urges Kelson to marry his cousin, Princess Araxie Haldane.
In Clade, the Ecocaust, an environmental disaster, causes major problems such as rising sea levels and additional strains on human resources. "Polycorps" develop from governments and corporations. Human beings have been socially engineered at the molecular level through a process called "clading" The secrets of this story unravel one after another, leading to holes in the plot.
Kaaterskill Falls spans two years in the life of a small community in upstate New York. Most of the characters are summer residents, Orthodox Jews whose lives center around the local Orthodox synagogue. Others are year-round residents, both Christians and secular Jews, whose local roots run deep.
Tea Party "revolves around a family engaged in a business of sanitary engineering" The play concerns "a middle-aged self-made business man named Sisson" Sisson's two sons give him the deadpan treatment that little boys have been inflicting on their elders from time immemorial.
The story begins on a human colony world of Volga, populated by ex-Russians, Americans and Germans. Roman Savelyev finds a strange black box with a big red button in one of his mines. The Alliance dares to investigate the ship and use it as a weapon.
The story, told in first-person narrative, is set in 1985 and chronicles the misadventures of student Brian Jackson. Brian has been a fan since childhood of the television quiz show University Challenge which he used to watch with his late father. He is selected after one of the other team members is forced to drop out because of ill health.
The novel is set against the backdrop of a fictional Australian bush town, Angel Rock, during the late 1960s. The story concerns the investigation of two seemingly separate incidents: the disappearance of two young brothers , and the suicide of a teenage girl in a derelict house in Sydney. The detective sent to the town begins to believe that the two incidents might be linked in some way.
Hoban's second novel for adults, Kleinzeit is a story detailing the eponymous title character's brush with illness and creativity. The central character shares many traits with Hoban himself, and the author has commented: "I think there's most of me in Kleinzeits'
Polemidas is the story of a mercenary who travels across Greece during the Peloponnesian War. The main character is Alcibiades, a general and admiral who had the greatest impact on the war. The political shifts that occurred during the war act almost to make Athens herself a character in the novel.
The story is centered on two main characters: Biju and Sai. The action of the novel takes place in 1986. The Gorkhaland movement is used as a historic backdrop. The major theme running throughout is one closely related to colonialism and the effects of post-colonialism.
Early in 1940 Jenkins joins his regiment in Wales as a second lieutenant. We are introduced to his commanding officer, the officious Captain Gwatkin, and the alcoholic Lieutenant Bithel. Jenkins is instructed to report to the DAAG at Divisional HQ, who turns out to be Widmerpool.
Hurtle Duffield is born into a poor Australian family. They adopt him out to the wealthy Courtneys, who are seeking a companion for their hunchbacked daughter Rhoda. The precocious Hurtle gains artistic inspiration from the world that surrounds him. In his final years he is drawn closer to his sister Rhoda, and after a stroke causes partial paralysis, is assisted by his protoge Don Lethbridge to produce a final magnum opus to God.
The movie begins with a shot of the Hotel Lobby, with a large pink gift box leaning on the display table, in the middle of the room. Eloise is on a mission to find any presents in the package room from her mother, who has taken a trip to Paris. The main focal point of the story deals with the impending marriage between Rachel Peabody, the hotel owner's daughter, and Brooks Oliver.
The Skinner tells the story of three individuals who have journeyed to the 'line-world' of Spatterjay. The planet is host to a complex virus that permeates throughout all life forms. The Skinner is one such human who has "gone native", undergoing an horrific transformation.
Eyvind is a young Viking man who wishes to be a Wolfskin like his brother. Somerled, a quiet boy of the same age, befriends Eyvind and binds him to loyalty with a blood oath. Eyvind voyages to the Isles of Light and establishes a peace treaty with the native island folk. Then Ulf is murdered sadistically, suspended by ropes from a cliff's edge.
Three successful but bored friends in their mid-forties decide to turn to poaching. Under the collective name of 'John Macnab', they set up in the Highland home of Sir Archie Roylance, a disabled war hero who wishes to be a Conservative MP. They issue a challenge to three of Roylance's neighbours: first the Radens, who are an old-established family, about to die out. The outcome is that the men's boredom is dispelled with the assistance of helpers.
The Village by the Sea is set in a small village called Thul in Western India and focuses on a family trying to make ends meet. The main protagonists are Lila, the eldest child who is 13 years old, and her 12-year-old brother Hari. Hari decides that he has had enough and leaves for Bombay to find work.
Archie Wolfe is a stockbroker in a company called Softdown. He investigates the murders of Priscilla Eads and Margaret Fomos. He meets Sarah Jaffee, a young widow who is also a stockholder in Soft Mrs. Wolfe uses the threat of an injunction to force the corporate officers to meet with him.
A young scientist with family ties to a vast fortune survives a murder attempt by a stranger while working in French Tahiti. Incognito, he follows the would-be murderer aboard an island-hopping passenger/cargo schooner bound for the Marquesas.
The novel tells the story of Robert Merivel, a physician. After supervising the recovery of one of the dogs of King Charles II, he is appointed surgeon to all of the king's dogs. The king then arranges a marriage of convenience between Merivesl and one of his mistresses, Celia Clemence.
An unnamed father and his young son journey across a grim post-apocalyptic landscape. The land is filled with ash and devoid of living animals and vegetation. Many of the remaining human survivors have resorted to cannibalism. Much of the book is written in the third person, with references to "the father" and "the son"
Rebecca, a sixteen-year-old girl, records her most intimate thoughts in a diary. The object of her growing obsession is her roommate, Lucy Blake. Around her swirl dark rumors, suspicions, and secrets. As fear spreads through the school and Lucy isn't Lucy anymore, fantasy and reality mingle.
Alyce and Marie de Corwyn were the daughters of Earl Keryell of Lendour. They were brought to the court of Queen Richeldis of Rhemuth in 1086. The events of In the King's Service span a period of nine years, from 1082 to November 1091.
Patricia has a rare gift to communicate with animals, and thinks she can control everything. The story is narrated through a French man on a visit to Kenya. The plot of the story revolves around the friendship between Patricia and a lion called King, whom Patricia raised since he was a cub. Ouriounga, a teenage Maasai, who wishes to marry Patricia, decides to prove his worth by killing a lion to gain her respect, as is custom in his tribe.
The events of Childe Morgan span a period of approximately two and a half years. Sir Kenneth Morgan and his wife, Lady Alyce de Corwyn, bring their son, Alaric Morgan, to the court of King Donal. In June 1095, Alyce and Kenneth assist the king in a brief magical ritual. The Camberian Council has become increasingly concerned that Zachris Pomeroy may attempt to kill the new king.
The characters travel in a boat with the intention of reaching London Zoo so that they can discover what Stanley is. They have a number of adventures along the way, including being joined by a parrot, several characters losing their way in a balloon, and Stanley himself getting locked in a bank vault. It is eventually revealed that Stanley is a monkey.
At the start of 1941, Jenkins is stationed at divisional HQ and allocated to lowly F Mess with the obnoxious Captain Biggs. Widmerpool is humiliated by Colonel Hogbourne-Johnson, and plots revenge. On leave in London Nick has an unsuccessful interview with Finn for a liaison posting with the Free French forces.
The narrator, Strindberg, spends most of the novel in Paris, isolated from his wife , children, and friends. He associates with a circle of Parisian artists and writers, but often fears they are ridiculing and persecuting him. He also dabbles in the occult, at one point casting a black magic spell on his own distanced daughter.
Jenkins returns to his old university library during the vacation in the Winter of 1945/6 to undertake research for a book about Robert Burton. He goes to see Sillery, who has a new secretary, Ada Leintwardine. Quiggin is starting a literary magazine called Fission, which is to be funded by Erridge ... except that Erridge dies suddenly. Erridge's funeral at Thrubworth is disturbed by the late arrival of the Widmerpools.
"A Christmas Memory" is about a young boy, referred to as "Buddy," and his older cousin, who is unnamed in the story but is called Sook in later adaptations. Buddy and his friend collect pecans and buy whiskey - from a scary American Indian bootlegger named Haha Jones - and many other ingredients to make fruitcakes. The following year, the boy is sent to military school.
The novel is set in the late nineteenth century, during the British Raj. It follows the adventures of a Rajput prince who is heir to a fictional kingdom based in Deori. As a sign of his Anglicisation he plans to build a dam and a cricket pitch on disused land.
This book covers lean manufacturing principles and thinking, lean leadership moves, the road map for lean transformation, common pitfalls of lean journeys, building an operating system, lean accounting, lean material management, lean in service organizations. It concludes with interviews of lean practitioners at Chrysler, Ross Controls, DTE Energy, RSR Corporation, and Nemak.
Jenkins first meets Pamela Widmerpool in 1958 at a literary conference in Venice. Pamela foretells trouble for her husband when she foresees his imminent arrest for spying. In 1959 Pamela dies of an overdose while in bed with Russell Gwinnett. Nick reflects on the subsequent death of Pamela, apparently from an overdose.
The book takes place in the mid-1990s, at two interlinked alternate realities. In one of them, the Cuban Missile Crisis had escalated into a major nuclear exchange. Most of the plot centers on Lake Placid, New York and along parts of route 86.
The story is set partly in The City and partly in the realm of the living, where Laura Byrd is stranded in Antarctica. As the book progresses, increasing numbers of the City's residents seem to just disappear, leaving friends and their relatives in mystery. The lethal virus slowly kills off each person in the living realm which results in the abrupt fluctuation in the City.
Jair Ohmsford has a recurring dream in which he relives a section of Indomitable where he managed to become the slain "Weapons Master" Garet Jax. He talked to his sister, Brin, about how he used the Wishsong to do something real. She asked Jair to promise not to use the WishSong again as she feared that he would lose himself in the magic, and not be able to return to who he is.
Dolphin and her older sister Star live with their mother Marigold, who has many colourful tattoos. Dolphin feels like an outsider at school; she is bullied by some classmates and feels her teacher is unkind to her. Star appears to be more popular, and Dolphin dislikes the fact that Star has an older boyfriend. Dolphin later befriends Oliver, a shy and studious boy.
Maeve seduced Leben to keep him from destroying her people. Kiesha was distraught by what she saw as Maeve's betrayal. Maeve was taken in by the Rsh, the lower priests and priestesses of the Dasi cult. Her descendants survive as the Obsidian Guild.
The book asserts that aspects of human experiences cannot be reduced to physics and biology. The first part of the book goes through the familiar territory of the scientist's 'Standard Model' of the universe. The remaining chapters consider core Christian beliefs, New Testament history and how they fit into this perspective.
In Spring 1970 Nick Jenkins acts as host to a caravan of hippies led by Scorpio Murtlock, allowing them to camp on their land. By Spring 1970 there are hints of Widmerpool and Murtlocks joining forces. Nick has recently attended the art gallery which is selling the Deacon paintings and where he met a now invalid Bob Duport, Polly and Signora Flores.
The Grunt Tribe live in a big cave next to a volcano. Little Grunt is told that the Ugga-Wugga Tribe is coming over for Sunday brunch. Mama Grunt orders him to find some eggs so that she can make an omelette. He stumbles over the biggest egg he has ever seen.
This story revolves around sun which is the life of an Indian printer named Nataraj. The character, Vasu, is a taxidermist who comes to Malgudi in search of the wildlife in Mempi hills. As the story continues Vasu encroaches on Natarj's life, every now and then.
The book stresses a non-serious view of life on the part of "players" Carse uses familiar terms in specilaized ways, but casts them as associated with finite or infinite play & players. Finite games have a definite beginning and ending. Infinite games do not have a knowable beginning or ending. They are played with the goal of continuing play.
In a small town in Kentucky, five outsiders have come together. The passion that unites them is music. Their shared dream is to conquer the world with their music. In the words of their lead singer, "The only way to make this a better place would be for God to drop the bomb"
The story begins with a frame tale in the form of a preface written by historian Faruk Darvinoglu between 1984 and 1985. Faruk recalls finding the story that follows in a storage room while looking through an archive in the governor. The story proper begins with an unnamed narrator being captured by the Turkish fleet while sailing from Venice to Naples.
The plot of the book concerns a Chinese Dragon, Karen, who falls in love with a mortal, Paul, and so decides to become mortal herself. She is the daughter of the adjutant-general to the Dragon King of the North West. Naturally her father is worried and comes to look for her, but he falls foul of the Weathermen, who consider dragons their sworn enemies.
Mr. Jourdain is a middle-aged "bourgeois" whose father grew rich as a cloth merchant. His aim in life is to rise above this middle-class background and be accepted as an aristocrat. He applies himself to learning the gentlemanly arts of fencing, dancing, music and philosophy, despite his age.
The play opens with the recently deceased Morton in a state of limbo, looking back on his life. He is reluctantly guided by the mysterious 'Chimney Man' who forces him to recall the more painful moments of his life when he attempts to ignore or embellish them. At the moment of his death, Morton at last admits to his heritage - "Ain't no black notes in my song/I was wrong/ I was wrong"
The framing story concerns a man who dreams of speaking to Venus about love while she wears furs. The unnamed narrator tells his dreams to a friend, Severin, who tells him how to break him of his fascination with cruel women by reading a manuscript. This manuscript tells of a man, Sever in von Kusiemski, who is so infatuated with a woman, Wanda von Dunajew, that he asks to be her slave.
The book tells the story of Livermore's progression from day trading in the then so-called "New England bucket shops," to market speculator, market maker, and market manipulator. Along the way, Livermore learns many lessons, which he happily shares with the reader.
Lucy Szabo is a 16-year-old diabetic who believes she is part of the modern Undead. She joins a chatroom where so-called vampires gather. As Lucy becomes more involved with the vampire subculture, her life comes to seem unimportant. Lucy realizes that she needs to make some difficult choices--if it isn't already too late.
A girl named Camilla Cream loves lima beans but doesn't want to eat them because she wants to fit in. One day she wakes up to discover stripes on her body. She is sent home from school because the faculty is worried the stripes are contagious. An old woman visits her and offers her lima Beans. The lady then throws the beans inside her mouth and Camilla forms into a girl again.
The book begins with Kelly Kelleher in a car that is plunging into mucky, swampy, "black water" We learn the events that led up to the accident in flashbacks as she is drowning. She trusts The Senator until the very end of her life, certain that he will save her.
The story begins in Rome during late spring, AD 71. Falco is in the Latumiae Prison, accused by Anacrites of having stolen imperial lead. He is heading across the city to visit Helena Justina when he is beaten up by his landlord's bullyboys. When he finally arrives at the senator's house near the Capena Gate, he finds Helena in a reception room.
The plot of the story revolves around Temperance trying to decipher the clues left behind by the skeletons of three girls found in a pizza parlor basement. Temperance's forensic expertise tells her that the people were buried after 1955, but homicide detective Luc Claudel is convinced the bones are pre-1955.
The book begins in the lead-up to the declaration of hostilities between Germany and Britain. All the significant naval strategies and battles of World War I are covered. The book ends with an account of the scuttling of the German High Seas Fleet in Scapa Flow.
Sally Blount's father, Matthew Blount, has been arrested for the murder of Paul Jerin, a chess master. Blount had arranged for Jerin to play twelve simultaneous games of blindfold chess at his club. Well into the contest, Jerin complains of physical discomfort and cannot continue. Shortly thereafter, Jer in dies of what tests show to be arsenic poisoning.
The culture featured in the novel is based on the culture portrayed in the last chapter of Accelerando, "Survivor" In the context of the novel, "glasshouse" refers to a military prison. The polity in which the bulk of the story takes place was formerly a high-security facility for war criminals.
The protagonist is Isserley, an extraterrestrial sent to Earth by a rich corporation on her planet to pick up unwary hitchhikers. She drugs them and delivers them to her compatriots, who mutilate and fatten her victims so that they can be turned into meat-human flesh. The novel is darkly satirical.
Ray and Georgia McKenna-Nye are killed in a car crash, leaving their daughter Keefer Kathryn an orphan. The couple's respective families both believe they are the right people to raise the girl, and consequently file for custody. McKennas launch a campaign to have the law changed in a bid to prevent other adopted people from facing similar problems.
A young boy from New York City must confront apprehensions about his new life as his parents move West. He soon finds his fears that the region is populated by baseball-hating buffalo chasers are unfounded, and that he can indeed find room to sit among the cactuses.
Lotus is favored by Chen's elder son Feipu. She begins to fall for him, especially because he plays the flute so well and movingly. She accuses Swallow of stealing her flute and searches Swallow's trunk. Lotus gets very drunk and has a hallucination in which Swallow kills her.
Hades Daughter opens the Troy Game quartet. It is set in the Late Bronze Age during the time of the great Aegean Catastrophe. The action ranges between Naxos, western Greece and the mysterious land of Llangarlia in the Isle of Albion. The main characters are: Genvissa, sixth daughter-heir of Ariadne and the MagaLlan.
The play is set in Paris in 1954. The famous painter, Paul Sorodin, has died. His relatives and hangers-on converge on his studio. They are stunned to learn from his valet, Sebastien, that he has left a letter in which he admits that he never painted a picture in his life.
Dawan, a young village girl who lives in Thailand, wins a scholarship to study in a city school. Her brother, Kwai, places second and is initially jealous, causing a rift between the two previously-close siblings. Dawan faces obstacles at every turn, and eventually overcomes these obstacles and proves to herself and to others that she is fully capable.
Jeannie Ferrami, Psy.D., is a newly-hired associate professor at the fictional Jones Falls University in Baltimore, Maryland. She is a criminality researcher and is attempting to isolate the influence of genes in personality. As Lisa is raped by a man wearing a red baseball cap bearing the word "Security" Lisa receives no pity from the hospital staff and police officers assigned to the situation. The perpetrator was not an opportunist, but a planner and a sociop.
The Animorphs plan to have a lazy summer, with Rachel going to a gymnastics camp. However, before she can leave for the camp, Rachel - in her eagle morph - takes a cruise through the air and, seeing Ax, attempts to say hello. She is mobbed by smaller birds, who cause her to crash and lose consciousness. When she awakens, she has demorphed to human but has amnesia.
When Marco sees a news report about a downed nuclear submarine, he and the other Animorphs set out to find it in dolphin morphs. When the warheads in the submarine detonate, however, the group finds themselves transported through time by a Sario rip, to the era of dinosaurs. They are unable to use their dinosaur morphs following this book.
Ethan Fortune, a simple salesman and sophisticated interstellar traveler, finds himself stranded on the deadly frozen world of Tran-Ky-Ky with professional adventurer Skua September. Together they search for a way off the planet while fighting against both the extreme weather and deadly fauna of the alien world.
Kay Scarpetta, chief medical examiner of Virginia, gets involved in the case of a brutal stabbing death in Richmond of romance writer Beryl Madison. Madison's greedy lawyer accuses her of losing his client's latest manuscript, an autobiographical expose of Beryl's early life. As more deaths occur and the killer closes in on her, Kay finds herself also having to deal with the unexpected reappearance of long-lost lover Mark James.
A serial killer is loose in Richmond, specializing in attractive young couples. All that remains of the victims has in every case left Chief Medical Examiner Dr. Kay Scarpetta unable even to determine an exact cause of death. Frustrated that her high-tech forensic skills have apparently proved useless, Kay enlists the help of an ace crime reporter and a psychic whose powers have been vouched for by the FBI.
Virginia Chief Medical Examiner Kay Scarpetta is called in to autopsy the body of convicted murderer Ronnie Waddell after his execution. Several days after the execution, a young boy is discovered murdered in the fashion of Waddell's earlier killings, with Waddel's prints near the body. ScARPetta, along with FBI Agent Benton Wesley and Detective Pete Marino, try to discover how a dead inmate could have possibly committed another murder after his death.
Kay Scarpetta is called in to assist in the investigation of the brutal murder of 11-year-old Emily Steiner in rural North Carolina. The murder resembles the handiwork of a serial killer who has eluded the FBI for years. To help with the investigation, Kay turns to a clandestine research facility in Tennessee known as the Body Farm.
The story begins as a rotten Christmas for Scarpetta. Temple Gault has struck again, leaving a naked, apparently homeless girl shot in Central Park. In the end, some ingenious forensic detective work and a visit to the killer's family set up a high-tech, difficult to follow, climax.
The final murder scene of Virginia's bloodiest year. Dr. Scarpetta receives a phone call reporting the death of investigative reporter Ted Eddings, who was found dead in diving gear amongst the Navy's reserve fleet. The case leads her into a terrorist plot that threatens thousands of lives.
The creator of Kay Scarpetta, the most fascinating character in contemporary crime fiction, now cunningly reveals the heart and soul of a metropolitan police department. She propels us into the core of the force through the lives of a dynamic trio of heroes: Andy Brazil, an ambitious younger reporter for The Charlotte Observer and an eager - sometimes too eager-volunteer cop.
Virginia Chief Medical Examiner Kay Scarpetta has a bloody puzzle on her hands. Five headless, limbless cadavers in Ireland, plus four similar victims in a landfill back home. Central to the plot is the case of Janet Parker, the last person known to have died of smallpox, which she contracted in 1978.
Count Helmuth Holk lives with his countess Christine and their two children in a lonely valley. When Holk is called away to the Copenhagen court of the Danish princess, he becomes fascinated by a young companion of the princess, Ebba von Rosenberg. By contrast, his marriage with Christine begins to seem unbearably dull.
Visser Four inadvertently discovers the Time Matrix and uses it to rewrite history to make the Yeerk domination of Earth much easier. None of the Animorphs are aware of the change, as this is, to their minds, what life has always been like. The Ellimist and Crayak have formed a temporary truce in order to stop Visser four. They send the Drode to offer the Animmorphs, having restored their true memories and line-up, a Hobson's choice. They can refuse the opportunity to track down Vissers Four, and the timeline remains as it is, or they can defeat him and return the timeline to how it originally was.
The story begins from Raistlin's childhood, and follows his progress through magic school. Many things occur that foreshadow the great power that he would one day attain, and offer an explanation as to why he is often vindictive and power hungry. The account of the test conflicts somewhat with a story that appeared in one of the books of the Dragonlance Legends trilogy.
The novel consists of letters written by Horatio M--- to his friend J.D., an MP. Horatio is banished to his father's estate on the northwest coast of Connacht as punishment for accumulating large debts. He finds a dilapidated castle and the remnants of the Catholic Gaelic nobility that was displaced by his ancestors.
Crayak sends the Drode to tempt Jake into accepting an alternate reality in which the Animorphs did not walk home through the abandoned construction site. The results are drastic: a friendless Tobias joins The Sharing, and is infested by a Yeerk who is later revealed as a spy for Visser One. Marco- now dating Rachel in this world- runs into his mother, but she escapes before he can confront her. Jake discovers that his brother Tom is involved with dangerous dealings. And all the while, Cassie has a strong feeling that all is not right. The Drode complains that the events in this timeline are doomed to cause failure.
Gwenwyn, the Prince of Powys-land, and Sir Eveline were taken to Gloucester by Damian Lacy. She was espoused to Sir Hugo, but the archbishop offered to annul it. Cadwallon, the Welsh bard, attached himself to her as a Breton minstrel, in order to avenge Gwenwyn's death.
This book loosely follows the plots of Animorphs books , and . The book narrates from the reader's point of view, as a sixth Animorph. They are able to choose their morphs as the story progresses. The reader and Marco have all started acquiring morphs. They plan to investigate a Sharing meeting that evening.
This book loosely follows the plots of Animorphs books , Megamorphs #2: In the Time of Dinosaurs and . The book narrates from the reader point of view, as a sixth Animorph, and they are able to choose their morphs as the story progresses. Like all gamebooks, the choices the reader make cause different endings.
Hamish MacTavish Mohr met his death in an encounter with the Saxon red-coats. His wife strove to inspire their only son with his father's love of adventure. He enlisted in one of the regiments formed in Scotland to oppose the French in the American war of independence.
Percy Jackson, Annabeth Chase and Thalia Grace, go to Westover Hall in Maine after Grover Underwood discovers two sibling half-bloods. They narrowly escape an attack by a manticore named "Dr. Thorn Percy" Percy is called by a hippocampus to rescue a marine cow-like creature trapped in the Long Island Sound called the Ophiotaurus.
The Ravi Lancers is unusual in that it is part of the army of a semi-independent Hindu state attached to British India. It follows different traditions than the regular regiments of the British Indian Army. The story concerns an Indian cavalry regiment which is sent to the France at the outbreak of the First World War.
The book is both an adventure story and a satire on the scientific dispute over Creationism. It is set on the planet Kforri, where descendants of space travelers from Earth have reverted to a pre-technological society. Schoolteacher Marko Prokopiu, has been found guilty of teaching the Anti-Evolutionist heresy. He embarks on a quest to discover the truth by finding the Great Fetish, said to contain the real story.
A man named Rudy Linneker is killed when a mystery killer blows up his house using a couple of sticks of dynamite. Assistant district attorney Mitch Holt is called to the case as well as police officers Leron McCoy and Hank Quinlan. When Holt accuses McCoy and Quinlan of planting evidence, Adair and Gould dismiss his allegation as an attempt to gain political mileage in the District Attorney's office.
Madison Finn is the daughter of Francine and Jeff Finn, who are divorced. The series starts shortly after the events of the divorce. Madison is just like any other average 12-year-old girl. There are currently 22 books in the series, including three super specials, which are slightly longer than the usual books.
Four Arguments for the Elimination of Television argues that the technology of television is not a neutral or benign instrument or tool. The author argues that far from being "neutral," television predetermines who shall use it, how they will use it and what effects it will have on individual lives.
Mr. Tall hates his oversized legs, but three other Mr. Men teach him that oversized body parts can be helpful. Mr. Tall decides his long legs are great for walking, but Mr. Small took a year to get home. On the 1997 Mr. men show, his legs are thicker and farther apart than in the book.
The story concerns the events during the grand opening celebration of a new high-rise building in an unnamed American city. A combination of a skyscraper built to the absolute minimum compliance with safety rules, combined with cutting corners to save money on construction, leads to a disaster waiting to happen. A small home furnishings store owner, despondent over his near bankruptcy, decides to burn his business down for the insurance.
Joshua Shapiro, a successful writer and pundit, seems to have lost his wife and is in the middle of a sex scandal. Compelled to find meaning in his life, he reviews it from his youth to the present day. A trip to Spain as a young man is the impetus that sparks a career as a journalist and writer.
The book opens on a scene where Mirage, a Hunter , is hiding and preparing to strike three men who mistake her for a witch at first then for a Cousin. The scene cuts to Eclipse, Mirage's schoolmate at Silverfire, one of the numerous Hunter schools, walking through Chervie's streets.
Little Sal's Mother takes her to Blueberry Hill to pick berries. Sal drops three berries in her bucket, then eats them. This continues as she and her mother concentrate on the berries and gradually get separated. What they don't realize is that a mother bear and her cub have also come to the hill to eat berries for the winter.
Some 150 years have passed since the events of Archangel. The current Archangel, Delilah, is injured while flying in a storm and her angelico killed. Jovah decrees that she can no longer be Archangel as she is. Alleluia is the former Archangel performing in a club under the name "Lilah"
Eleda and Adele, mirror twins, discover that they are a Truth-Teller and a Safe-Keeper. Truth-Tellers are incapable of telling lies and recognize when others are lying. Safe-Keepers cannot reveal what is told to them in confidence, and they bear the burden of people's confessions.
This is the fourth novel in the Samaria series. It is set before the first book Archangel. Factions of 'angels' fight against rebel forces called 'Jacobites' The angels want to keep their power and the Jacobites wish to know the truth.
This is the fourth novel in the Samaria series, it is set before the first book Archangel. The story focuses on the isolated life of Rebekah, a Jansai woman and the Angel Obadiah, whom she nurses back to health after he is wounded flying over the desert.
The book opens with Meyer Landsman, an alcoholic homicide detective with the Sitka police department, examining the murder of a man in the hotel where Landsman lives. The book contains a great deal of comic relief. The creative and playful use of the Yiddish language is an ongoing feature. The juxtaposition of the culture of the shtetl on the Alaskan landscape is also playful and amusing.
Each new death that occurs is accompanied by a different mathematical shape, starting with a circle. It appears that the serial killer can be stopped only if somebody can decode the next symbol in the sequence. The book explains how hard it can be to solve math in a cryptic form.
Wendla Bergmann, an adolescent in late-nineteenth century Germany, laments that her mother gave her no way to handle things. She tells her mother that it is time she learned where babies come from. Two teenage girls share a moment while sitting together in front of a tree. Each of them considers what it would be like to give in to their physical desires.
The story starts straight where the film ended, with Mallory and Miller aboard the Royal Navy destroyer HMS Sirdar. They're to go to the Neretva area of Bosnia to discover why every allied agent parachuted into that area has been captured. Mallory's team travel back to the Chetnik camp before taking Neufeld and Droshny as hostages.
The opening scene begins with Pelajia Patchnose nailing shingles on her roof on the fictional Wasaychigan Hill Indian Reserve on Manitoulin Island, Ontario. This is where we first learn of Marie-Adele's cancer, and Veronique's insecurity about having no blood children of her own. The various tensions between the seven sisters is slowly exposed.
The Pit opens with sisters Laura and Page Dearborn and their aunt, Aunt Wess. We soon learn that Corthell Jadwin, the mature and mysterious man of affairs, and Landry, the exuberant and extravagant man from the Battle of the Street, are captivated by the girl's unparalleled charm and beauty.
Danny and the Dinosaur is a book about a boy and a dinosaur. The book is about a day in the life of Danny and his dinosaur buddy. The dinosaur helps a lady cross the street, takes Danny across a river and lets the children use him as a slide. The story ends late in the day as all the children return home.
On the Sword World Gram, Lucas Trask, Baron of Traskon, is about to marry Elaine Karvall. When Trask recovers from his injuries, he pledges his realm to Duke Angus in return for another warship, twin to the one hijacked by Andray Dunnan. Trask becomes friends with the Mardukan royal family and particularly King Mykhail.
Ten years have passed since the end of the first Chronicles. Thomas Covenant has resumed his career as a writer. The story begins by presenting us with a new main character. Linden Avery is as much an outsider in society as Covenant. Her traumatic childhood and rigorous medical training have left her emotionally isolated from other people.
This book differs from the others in the First and Second Chronicles, in that the story takes place outside of the Land, although still in the same world. The quest is made more difficult by Covenant's continuing relapses into sickness caused by the venomous bite of a Sunbane-spawned monster.
Thomas Covenant and his companions march on Revelstone, the mountain fortress of the Clave. Covenant stuns the others by summoning a Sandgorgon, the beast responsible for the deaths of two of his Haruchai companions. Linden Avery then takes the white gold ring, and uses it to bond Vain with Findail.
Water is set in 1938, when India was still under the colonial rule of the British. Following Hindu tradition, when a man died, his widow would be forced to spend the rest of her life in a widow's ashram. Chuyia is an eight year old girl who has just lost her husband.
Wozniak describes how he and his first wife, Alice, "hit it off" They enjoyed the same music, had the same interests and both had a working knowledge of electronics. Apple was named after Jobs visit to a commune with a similar name. The first US Festival opened the day after his first child, Jesse, was born.
The book begins with a routine space junk cleanup mission in Earth orbit. An alien xenomorph stowaway on the derelict manages to board the cleanup crew's ship, and kill them. A CIA-like organization, called the TIA, realizes the threat posed by the alien species. A decision is made to send a Colonial Marine expedition to the origin planet.
The book is a dark fantasy, a version of the Faust legend set in New York City during the Great Depression. A man named Hale makes a deal with the devil and then attempts to cheat his fate of eternal damnation. Ironically, his very success in defeating Lucifer ensures his own undoing.
Konrad Zündel and his wife Magda decide to spend their holidays separately. While Magda spends some days with her friend Helen, Konrad decides to visit Greece. In Italy, he suddenly loses an incisor and travels back to Switzerland per train. While travelling, his wallet gets stolen and he, into the bargain, finds a severed finger.
John Henry died with a hammer in his hand moments after competing against a steam drill in a battle of endurance. J. Sutter, a freelance journalist and accomplished expense account abuser, is sent to West Virginia to cover the launch of a new postage stamp at the first 'John Henry Days' festival.
The protagonist, Quentin P, seeks to create a "zombie" out of an unsuspecting young man. He intends to find a perfect young male companion and re-wire his brain, thereby turning the victim into a mindless sex slave. His several attempts at creating a zombie all end in failure, however, as the men he abducts, rapes and tortures all die at his hands.
Dr. Temperance Brennan, Director of Forensic Anthropology for the province of Quebec, is given the case. Despite the deep cynicism of Detective Claudel who heads the investigation, Brennan is convinced that a serial killer is at work. Tempe initiates an investigation, but her determined probing places those closest to her in danger.
Tempe is exhuming the remains of a nun proposed for sainthood in the grounds of a church. Hours later she's called to the scene of an horrific arson, where a young family has perished. From the charred remains of the inferno to a trail of sinister cult activity and a terrifying showdown during an ice storm.
The Boy is ridiculed by the other boys because he has no father. The Boy asks various adults of the Pueblo for help in finding his father. When he asks the wise Arrow Maker, the man transforms the Boy into an arrow and launches him to the Sun. His identity as the Lord's son is tested by passing through four ritual huts.
A Mongolian who is bent on taking control of the world oil market, and also determined to re-unite the Chinese province of Inner Mongolia with Mongolia. Dirk Pitt intervenes to end the situation, and discovers that the grave of Genghis Khan has been located by Borjin. A subplot centers on Kublai Khan's second invasion of Japan by Mongolia, and in its failure, inadvertently discovering what we now know as Hawaii.
Kirn's novel tells the story of Justin Cobb, a Minnesota teenager whose family experiences a broad spectrum of dysfunction. Justin starts behaving oddly, and his condition is 'identified' as attention deficit disorder by his school. When Justin gives up Ritalin he turns to drugs , sex and religion to combat his problems.
The novel centers on the experience of Etsuko, a woman who has moved into the house of her in-laws following the death of her husband Ryosuke from typhoid. There she falls into a physical relationship with her father-in-law which both repulses and numbs her. She comes to develop romantic feelings for the young gardener Saburo, who is oblivious of her interest.
Main story takes place in UC 0096, three years after the events of Mobile Suit Gundam: Char's Counterattack. The story revolves around Banagher Links, a seemingly normal boy living and going to school in the space colonies. His life changes one day when he meets a girl named Audrey Burne, as the encounter brings him into contact with a new Gundam.
The story involves Malcolm Fisher, a hapless auction clerk in modern-day England. Fisher becomes the new owner of the Ring of the Nibelung and the Tarnhelm. He finds that if he allows himself any negative emotions such as anger or frustration, he will cause various catastrophes worldwide.
The book is about Donal Graeme, warrior extraordinaire. In the Childe Cycle universe, the human race has split into a number of splinter cultures. Donal is a member of the Dorsai, a splinter culture based on the planet of the same name.
Harold, a four-year-old boy, has the power to create a world of his own simply by drawing it. Harold wants to go for a walk in the moonlight, but there is no moon, so he draws one. He has many adventures looking for his room, and in the end he draws his own house and bed goes to sleep.
Polly begins narrating the novel just as she arrives in Greece. She expects to be picked up by her Aunt and Uncle but they were detained. Six months earlier, Polly was introduced to Max, a friend of her uncle. Although Max is an adult and Polly is still a teenager, the two begin a friendship.
The novel is set on a plantation in the Southern United States in the 1850s. The narrator and protagonist of the story is a young African-American slave named Sarny, who is taught to read and write by another slave, Nightjohn, also known as John. It was followed by a sequel 
The plot details a middle-aged man, Quentin Fears , who marries a woman who turns out to be a succubus. The story unfolds as Quentin tries to stop her and the witch who controls her from unleashing a great evil upon the world. 
In her book, Irvine addresses Kingsland's ad for a wife to live on a lonely island for a year. In that year , Irvine was 25, and Kingsland 49. After being formally married - Tuin Island is part of Queensland, and the authorities would have never let them go without marrying first - and Irvine has an IUD implanted to prevent pregnancy, the two try to adapt.
Mark Schluter, 27, flips his truck in a near-fatal accident. His older sister, Karin, returns reluctantly to their hometown to nurse Mark back from a traumatic head injury. When he emerges from a protracted coma, Mark believes that this woman - who looks, acts, and sounds just like his sister - is really an impostor.
The novel opens with Jenny Bunn's arrival at her lodging-house. Jenny soon meets Patrick Standish, an acquaintance of the Thompsons. Patrick takes Jenny on a date to what seems to her to be a fashionable, upmarket Italian restaurant. Eventually, Patrick gives Jenny an ultimatum: either she goes to bed with him or the relationship is over.
The novel is a meditation on the effects of modernity upon the individual's perception of the world. It is told through a number of plot lines that slowly weave together until they are all united at the end of the book. Kundera even manages to tie the modern to the past by having Vincent meet the Chevalier as they both depart.
Mechanical failures begin to trouble the Sun, making it hard for its driver to complete his rounds. Jane, a mortal and a management trainee, is brought in to sort it all. The Sun is in need of maintenance, and other things are breaking down all over the universe.
The Companions set out in search of some entrance to the dwarven kingdom of Thorbardin. Raistlin, Caramon, and Sturm head to Skullcap, while Flint and Tanis head towards a secret dwarven pass. While Tanis and Flint find a path for the refugees to follow, the dragonarmy attacks their camp. The refugees flee into a mountain pass and, utilizing an old dwarven trap, close the pass. Meanwhile, Arman Kharas and Flint, followed by Tasslehoff Burrfoot, enter the sacred valley of thanes to retrieve the Hammer of Khar as it is the icon of their race.
Humans on an advanced time-line have discovered "lateral" time dimensions that allow them to travel to "worlds of alternate probability" Morrison ends up in a significantly different version of Pennsylvania. North America is split up into a number of kingdoms, each composed of small principalities, with a level of technology equivalent to that of the late European Renaissance.
Professor Summerfield is trying to enjoy a vacation from work, the Braxiatel Collection and even from her friends. This task goes badly when she crash-lands on a planet full of hostile robotic animals, big game hunters and amoral businessmen. Bernice soon realizes her only hope for survival is join in on the planet's 'game'
Pete is asked to look after a black boy by his mother during unrest in the townships. Disley hints that he knows all about André and Pete being gay. Pete recognises the possibility of blackmail over his teaching position. So he agrees to let Disley stay and to coach him so that he can stay on.
At the end of the Greco-Turkish War, one Greek brigade wanders lost in the Anatolian desert. Led by Brigadier Nestor, the soldiers hope they are marching west toward the Aegean Sea. They come across a quiet Greek village virtually untouched by the war. But before they can leave they must all contend with a desperate war correspondent.
The story follows a petty thief called Jack Ravenwild, who is hired by the beautiful Elana to find a very special book. He resorts to spying on another perfect woman, a mage named Zandria, to try to get information. The beautiful Illyth invites him to the game of masks, and at the same time he fears for his friend Anders, wanted by the evil Brothers Kuldath.
Ferus Olin and Anakin Skywalker were rivals when they were Jedi Apprentices. Now their paths are about to cross again. Abandoning the Jedi Order saved Ferus's life. As a result, he is the only one who can track down and save Jedi who have survived the rise of the Empire.
The story starts with a girl Kathereine Collins going to a private GYN clinic, located in Manhattan, New York. Simultaneously she has started having seizures where in she smells a repulsive and oddly familiar odor and then loses consciousness. The story revolves around the protagonist Dr. Martin Philips from then on, who is a doctor in neuroradiology at the NYC medical center.
The story opens 274 years after the Fall of Hyperion. Brawne Lamia, Martin Silenus and the Consul were the only surviving Pilgrims. The Endymion is framed for murder and sentenced to death. When he died unexpectedly, he was reincarnated as Lenar Hoyt.
Set in 1810, the novel finds Captain Richard Sharpe threatened as commander of the South Essex Regiment Light Company. While the British and their Portuguese allies see off the French assault at Bussaco, Sharpe becomes embroiled in a private feud with the criminal Ferragus.
Martin, the main character, is supposed to be writing a book. He finds himself invited to dinner at the house of a repellent and warring couple. Martin happens on a painting which he takes to be by Brueghel. Painstaking research leads him to identify the picture as the missing sixth picture of the book of hours.
Nhamo is a 12-year-old Shona girl living in a traditional village in Mozambique. She flees with her dying grandmother's blessings, some gold nuggets, and her meager survival skills. Nhamo steals a boat under her grandmother's instructions and uses the river as her road to Zimbabwe.
April Hall is sent to live with her grandmother Caroline in a large university town in California. She was sent there by her mother, Dorothea, a Hollywood actress-singer. April makes friends with Melanie, a classmate who shares her fascination with reading and imagination. At Halloween they return to Egypt surreptitiously and are discovered by Toby and Ken, two popular boys.
The story follows the adventures of a weasel named Scirf and his friends. The main introduction introduces Sylver's band of outlaws: Icham, Dredless, Mawk, Bryony, Alysoun, Miniver, Wodehed, and Luke. Sheriff Falshed is appointed by Prince Poynt to dominate the rebellious weasels.
Sheila is obsessed with showing people that she is worthwhile, and terrified of abandonment. Her I.Q. is 184, which is around 1 in 10,000 for a six-year-old. In the 1995 sequel, The Tiger's Child, it is revealed that because of this incident, Sheila is infertile.
In the late twenty-first century, a system of space colonies, known collectively as SpaceHome, is slowly winning economic independence from Earth. Things are shaken up when SpaceHome discovers an alien object on a moon of Saturn. The message is that the sixth artifact is located on Saturn's liquid surface. Both Earth and SpaceHome gear up for massive efforts.
Raistlin is tested by the undead guardians to prove that he is really the Master of the Tower. It is revealed that he has beaten Fistandantilus and absorbed his soul. Raistlin goes to find the Portal to the Abyss, which is necessary to his ascension to godhood. When he goes to it, he discovers that it is not there.
Haters follows the character of Pasquala Rumalda Quintana de Archuleta, also known as Paski, as she tries to deal with extreme changes in her life. As a result of her father's comic strip getting optioned for a movie, Pasko and her father move to California. Once there, she finds herself in a school where materialism and "haters" control the social circles.
On Beauty centres on the story of two families and their different, yet increasingly intertwined, lives. The Belsey family consists of university professor Howard, a white Englishman, his African-American wife Kiki, and their children Jerome, Zora and Levi. Howard's professional nemesis is Monty Kipps, a Trinidadian living in Britain with his wife Carlene and children Victoria and Michael.
The Moon, Mars and Venus have been explored and found unsuitable for colonization. A fanatic named Arturo Renzi rises up, blaming the catastrophe on the scientists. Society is structured into three classes, the Peacemen nobility and their landsmen overseers, a vast peasantry, and the work-slaves. Dard volunteers to lead pilot-astrogator Simba Kimber to it.
Albert Barnett Facey was born in Maidstone, Victoria, Australia, in 1894. His father died on the Goldfields of Western Australia in 1896 of typhoid fever. By the age of 14 he was an experienced bushman, and at 18 a professional boxer. Badly injured at Gallipoli, he suffered severe problems which later were the cause of his death.
Jeremy Thatcher finds what he believes to be a giant marble in a magic shop. He hatches the egg in the moonlight, while Jeremy struggles with raising the dragon and keeping her a secret. Mary Lou, somebody he hates can see the dragon. Tiamat rescues Fat Peter, being tortured by Fred. Jeremy is disheartened at his loss, and shows it in his actions.
Hume's Fork is a novel about a philosophy professor named Legare "Greazy" Hume. He attends a conference in Charleston, South Carolina, with his eccentric colleague Saul Grossman. A professional wrestling tournament takes place in Charleston at the same time, and soon the wrestlers philosophize while the philosophers begin to act like wrestlers.
The three sisters take care of injured and sick creatures, but the work is getting too much for them. They decide to go to London to "choose" children to help them. Etta kidnaps a young girl named Minette, whose constantly bickering parents are separated. Coral brings a boy named Fabio, originally from Brazil, where he is learning to be an "English gentleman" at the horrible Graymarsh Towers. Myrtle is forced to bring a boy called Lambert, whom she thinks is horrid, after he accidentally sniffs chloroform.
Il Sanchezhiyan is the commander in chief of the eastern regiment of Cholas. The army includes both Yavanas and Tamils. He finds a beautiful Yavana woman gasping for breath on the bank of the Kaver. He learns from Brahmananda of the murder of Ilanchetchenni by his enemies.
Matilda Cook is 14 years old with big dreams for her family's coffeehouse. When the yellow fever epidemic breaks out during the summer, people leave the city or die. Matilda realizes she has to fight for her own life and her loved ones. At the end of the book, Matilda decides to take up a new job, as owner of the coffeehouse with Eliza.
Sid did the news run in West Minneapolis after dropping out of high school as a junior. Sid's first reporting job was for the Gophers and was a big supporter of the Lakers. The book goes on to say that the only way the Viking would stay in Minnesota was if a new stadium was built.
The novel opens with a man named Donald Wanderley traveling with a young girl. Eventually Donald and the girl arrive in Panama City, Florida. The novel jumps back in time to the events of the previous winter. Five friends have been plagued with horrible nightmares since Edward Wanderly's death. They have taken to telling each other ghost stories.
A central theme in the novel is the clash between Marlowe's rational worldview and the natives' superstitious and often brutal culture. Paul Marlow gains a leading position in the primitive society. He uses that power to educate the alien race, enabling them to make inventions that improves their society.
Gift is a story that revolves around high school student Haruhiko Amami and his strong connection to Gift's mysterious power. The town of Narasakicho, where Gifts story takes place, has two distinguishing characteristics: a rainbow that seems permanently fixed in the sky no matter the weather, and an ability known as Gift possessed by all its inhabitants.
The novel's protagonist, Dexter Morgan, works for the Miami-Metro Police Department as a forensic blood spatter pattern analyst. In his spare time, Dexter is a serial killer who kills murderers, rapists and other undesirables he believes have escaped justice. Dexter's murders are directed by an inner voice he refers to as the "Dark Passenger", who keeps prodding Dexter to kill something.
Howard has an unusual talent: he has a photographic memory. He uses his talent to enter, and win, a mega-money TV quiz show. He then discloses another gift: he is clairvoyant and can predict racing results. He gambles his winnings on race horses and the couple become extremely wealthy. On their return, however, Howard is disgusted by the corruption of the world they have seen.
Dorinda Oakley is the daughter of a landpoor farmer in Virginia. She falls in love with Jason Greylock, the weakwilled son of the village doctor. The day before their planned wedding Jason is forced to marry a former fiancée. Bitterly disillusioned and pregnant, Dorinda seeks work in New York, where she is injured and miscarries.
The novel is set in an alternate present-day setting where a small percentage of people are born with violet irises and the ability to channel the dead. When it becomes clear that a serial killer is targeting the Violets themselves, FBI agent Dan Atwater is paired with Natalie Lindstrom, a Violet, to investigate.
"The Needlepoint Killer" stars Natalie Lindstrom and Callie Lindstrom. Lindstrom is a Violet who has retired from the job and is working hard to prevent her daughter from entering it. The separate stories collide by way of the "Needlepoint killer," whose viciousness makes Hannibal Lecter seem like a Sunday School teacher.
Natalie Lindstrom has the power to speak to the dead, to solve crimes by interviewing murder victims. Natalie takes a job as far from crime and punishment as she can get: with an archaeologist in the mountains of Peru. Her job: to find a trove of priceless artifacts &mdash; by channeling those who lived and died at an ancient Incan site.
Natalie Lindstrom has finally left the underworld behind for a new career in the art world. She is now using her paranormal gift to summon the spirits of legendary painters. A deadly man from her past has escaped from prison, and he is being targeted against Natalie. But first he must help contact a deceased geneticist whose most intriguing experiment was brutally interrupted.
Firebird is the third daughter of the Queen of Naetai and a military pilot. Because she is a wastling, an unwanted heir to the throne, she is considered expendable. She is captured by Federate colonel Brennen Caldwell, a telepath who senses something special about her. Caldwell proposes pair bonding to Firebird.
The story opens about a year after the events of Firebird with Firebird and new husband Brennen Caldwell being attacked in the middle of the night. The aftermath of the attack reveals Firebird's pregnancy, which they had kept secret for Firebird continues her study of Netaian political simulations, hoping to stave off societal collapse.
The Self-Regulating Market notes that only the possessor of a right can alienate himself from that right. Government &ndash; An Unnecessary Evil states that democratic governments decide issues largely on the basis of pressure from special interest. The Abolition of War argues that government, not business, is responsible for the formation of the military-industrial complex.
The book features two dominant storylines. The first is an examination of how offensive football strategy has evolved over the past three decades. The second storyline features Michael Oher, the former left tackle for the Ole Miss football team. Lewis follows Oher from his impoverished upbringings through his years at Briarcrest Christian School and his adoption by Sean and Leigh Anne Tuohy.
A young Ostrobothnian woman named Katrina marries a young man from Åland, Johan. Katrina discovers Johan has greatly exaggerated his standing in society. She enters a life of poverty and constant struggle against difficult circumstances and unsympathetic people in power.
The protagonist meets and falls in love with a girl, FlyNDance, on the Internet. They eventually meet up in real life and become a couple, going out by day and chatting online by night. After some time together she is diagnosed with systemic lupus erythematosus, which symbolically causes a butterfly-shaped rash to appear on her face. The disease proves to be fatal, and the novel ends with the protagonist finding and reading a letter Fly NDance had written for him before she died.
Peter Reidinger is the telepathic and telekinetic Talent introduced in Pegasus in Flight. His ability to tap into outside sources of energy gives him potentially unlimited power. There are ruthless enemies of all Talent who must be stopped, or all mankind will pay the price.
The story follows the life of Krabat, a 14-year-old Wendish beggar boy living in the eastern part of Saxony. For three consecutive nights, he is called to a watermill near Schwarzkollm through a dream. Upon heeding the call and arriving at the mill, he begins his apprenticeship as a miller's man.
Dallas and Florida Carter are long-time residents of the Boxton Creek Home. They have been adopted many times and then returned for various reasons. Because of this, they have been dubbed the "trouble twins" They have a Tiller and Sairy Morey, a very old couple whose children have grown up and left.
Marianne Pinhoe's family tries to keep their magic a secret. They don't want the "Big Man", or Chrestomanci, interfering. Gammer, the head of the Pinhoe clan, has ostensibly gone mad. She's sure that Gammer's the one sending plagues to the Farleighs.
 Tracks alternates between two narrators: Nanapush, a jovial tribal elder, and Pauline, a young girl of mixed heritage. In NanapUSH's chapters the point-of-view is that of Nanap Kush telling stories to his grand-daughter, Lulu, several years after the main events in the novel occur.
Tea with the Black Dragon is about Martha MacNamara, called west to San Francisco by her daughter, Elizabeth. When she arrives, however, Elizabeth has disappeared. Mayland Long, an Asian gentleman, who is skilled in languages, aids Martha in her search for her daughter.
Collectioned Works follows a year in the life of the Braxiatel Collection following its founder's disappearance. The staff of the Collection have to cope with their new place in the universe, and a visit from a team of post-human scholars from the future. As the year progresses, it becomes clear that even though he has left them, BraXiatel's influence can still be felt on the Collection.
The book is set in 1986 and is narrated by a Jewish student at the school, Mark. He finds himself drawn to Barry, who is incredibly handsome. The two become friends, and the book tells of the course of just over a year during which Barry discovers sex with girls and has an affair with a teacher.
Donahue first became interested in the story of the JFK assassination after being invited to participate in a recreation of the shooting. Donahue eventually decided that the bullet that struck Kennedy in the head had in fact been fired by agent George Hickey from an AR-15 carried in a secret service car following the President's vehicle.
When teenaged Ed Hunter's alcoholic father is murdered, Ed is for all intents and purposes orphaned. Ed decides to investigate the crime on his own. Ed enlists the help of his father's brother, Ambrose Hunter, an itinerant carny, who he has not seen in many years. Together they wade through a swamp of unseemly characters of the Chicago underworld to expose the real murderer of their father and brother.
The book tells the story of a man who tries to kill the last wild wolves in England. The female survives, wounded by The Hunter, only long enough to teach her sole surviving cub a few skills before she too is killed by the man. The cub, Greycub, is reared by Ben and his family and waits in vain for the sound or scent of a remaining wolf.
The story is written as a series of interviews conducted by a narrator, later revealed to be Gary's stepsister. The main characters are Brendan Lawlor and Gary Searle, they go to Middletown High School. Their problems get worse and worse as their lives go by and both boys seem to get darker and darker.
Maria Merryweather becomes an orphan at age 13, upon her father's death in 1842. She is sent to the Moonacre Manor somewhere in the west of England. Her cousin and guardian Sir Benjamin Merryweather is one of the "sun" Merryweathers. Maria discovers that there is an ancient mystery about the founding of the estate.
The novel begins sometime after The Short-Timers left off and is divided into three parts. In "The Winter Soldiers", Joker is still at the Khe Sanh base, which is about to be abandoned by American Marines after withstanding a two-month siege. "Travels With Charlie" begins over a year later. Joker has been living and working in a small Viet Cong village.
The story begins with Rama's first encounter with the demon lord Ravana. As he dreams, he is filled with images detailing the destruction and rape of his home city, Ayodhya. Vishwamitra gives Rama and Lakshmana a simple goal - destroy the five hundred monsters that inhabit the Bhayanak-van.
Thomas Mendip is a recently discharged soldier who is tired of the world and wants to be hanged. The play takes place during the year "1400 either more or less or exactly" The costumes are described as being "as much 15 as possible" The Mayor shares the crowd's opinion that she is a witch. Jennet will not admit to any crimes at all.
This novel introduces Natty Bumppo as "Deerslayer", a young frontiersman in early 18th-century New York. He is contrasted to other frontiersmen and settlers in the novel who have no compunctions in taking scalps. Two such characters in the work who actually seek to take scalps are Henry March and floating Tom Hutter.
Amal Mohamed Nasrullah Abdel-Hakin is an Australian Palestinian-Muslim girl who lives in Melbourne. During the winter break before her second semester at McCleans Preparatory School, Amal debates wearing the hijab as a full timer. The principal agreed to let Amal wear the hijab, but she can only wear the color maroon to match her uniform.
The novel is the story of Jamie Towfeek, a teenager living in Sydney's western suburbs. For the past three years, Jamie has hidden her Lebanese/Muslim background from everyone at school. The most popular boy in school is interested in her, but there's no way he would be if he knew the truth.
Cecil Fox summons three old faces from his past to his villa in Venice. They unwittingly take part in an elaborate charade inspired by Elizabethan literature. But when one of his guests is murdered in the night, Fox's production switches genres from comedy to murder mystery.
Joam Garral is wanted in Brazil for a crime he did not perpetrate. A scoundrel named Torres offers Joam absolute proof of Joam's innocence. The price that Torres wants for this information is to marry Joam’s daughter. The proof lies in an encrypted letter that will exonerate Garral.
Orry Main from South Carolina and George Hazard from Pennsylvania meet on their way to the United States Military Academy at West Point. They soon become close friends, frequently confronting their regional differences within the frame of their friendship. The companions graduate and become officers in the U.S. Army during the Mexican-American War.
The story is told through the eyes of a Private Tamura who, after being thrown out by his own company, chooses to desert the military altogether. Descending into delirium, Tamura is forced to confront nature, his childhood faith, hunger, his own mortality, and in the end, cannibalism.
Gwalchmai ap Lot is the middle child of Morgawse and Lot. He lives with his family in the northern Orcade isles located north of modern day Scotland. He struggles to learn the arts of war his brother, Agravain, so easily masters. During his training, a great war is going on to the south in Britain.
Gwalchmai was sent on an embassy to King Bran, an enemy of Arthur, to keep an eye on him. While there, he had fallen in love with and seduced Elidan, the king's sister. Bran found out and used it as an excuse to rebel. During the resulting battle, GwalChmai killed Bran, though he had promised Elidan he wouldn't. As a result, her love turned to hatred and she GwalchMai
After the murder of the feared sorceress Morgawse by her own son Agravain , her youngest son Medraut goes to Camlann, the stronghold of his enemy, Arthur. Once there he begins to build up a Gwalchmai, Arthur's best cavalry fighter, and helps him train to be a warrior. Arthur takes an interest when he realizes that Gwynn has a good claim to inherit his throne. As a king in his own right, he
Red Army was unique among military fiction published in the U.S. during the 1980s. It told its story exclusively from the perspective of officers and men in the Soviet Army. No other technothriller by the authors in the genre presented an opfor perspective for the entire book.
The Abortion is a genre novel parody concerning the librarian of a very unusual California library. Children submit tales told in crayon about their toys; teenagers tell tales of angst and old people drop by with their memoirs-described as "the unwanted, the lyrical and haunted volumes of American writing"
Campion has been investigating the disappearance of Georgia Wells' former fiance, barrister Richard Portland-Smith, three years previously. Lady Amanda Fitton asks for Campion's help to find out why Alan Dell is neglecting his work. The event ends in a fashion disaster when it emerges that the design for the main dress has been leaked and copied.
The novel's main character is Yuri Borodin, a young space welder. Yuri is on board a spaceship that is supposed to leave for Ring Two space station. The rocket of Yurkovsky and Krutikov gets hit but a meteorite and they die. Yuri gets into a fight with one of the young researchers.
The film is based on the novel of the same name. The film is set in the village of Haggett. The story follows the Haggetts' lives. Dr. Hag gett's anger and stress are excerbated by phone calls from New York requesting that he sell the Christopher Beans that he has.
The book starts off with Princess Sancha remembering the thirtieth anniversary of her grandfather's ascension to the Neapolitan throne. Sancha and Alfonso are still close, although they do not share a nursery any longer. A new pope was elected that year, one by the name of Rodrigo Borgia, Pope Alexander VI.
Nancy Drew's father, Carson Drew is on the trail of an international ring of jewel thieves. A golf caddy tells her a frightening tale. In the dense woods nearby is an old wooden footbridge guarded by a ghost. Several riddles confront the young detective as she attempts to solve the mystery of the haunted bridge.
The novel focuses on the adventures of Peter Schock and Kate Dyer in 1763 after they are accidentally transported there by an anti-gravity machine. They awoke in the eighteenth century to see their time machine being carted away by a dark character known as the 'Tar Man', or "Blueskin" Soon, they meet a man called Gideon Seymour, who helps them adjust to life in the 18th century.
Frontiersman Will Cooper reflects on his formative experiences from the unfamiliar comfort of his twentieth-century house. A call, which could be from Claire, the love of his past with whom he has lost contact, plunges him into Will, then aged 11, falls in love with Claire.
Brian Chaney, a demographer and biblical scholar, is approached by a woman named Kathryn van Hise. She informs him that she works for the federal Bureau of Standards and that she is recruiting him for a physical survey of the future. Chaney is one of three men sent on a mission to find out if the president of the United States wins the 1980 presidential election.
The story is narrated by a ten-year-old boy living on Earth after it has been torn away from the Sun by a passing "dark star" The loss of solar heating has caused the Earth's atmosphere to freeze into thick layers of "snow" At the end, they are found by a search party from a large group of survivors at Los Alamos, where they are using nuclear power to provide heat and have begun using rockets to search for other survivors.
Fatal Passage is the true story of Arctic explorer John Rae. Rae discovered the fate of Sir John Franklin and the last navigable link in the Northwest Passage. His discoveries brought down upon him the wrath of Lady Franklin, who enlisted the help of Charles Dickens. In Fatal Passage, Ken McGoogan sets the record straight.
Jane Franklin became the greatest woman traveler of the age. She rode a donkey into Nazareth, sailed a rat-infested boat up the Nile, climbed mountains in Africa and the Holy Land. The second began when her husband, Sir John Franklin, disappeared into the Arctic in 1845.
Icefire is an action/science fiction novel about an unknown group using the Ross Ice Shelf to create a soliton wave. The main protagonists, Mitch Webber and Cory Rey, must escape the communication dead zone in time to tell the world what happened, warn everyone of the deadly wave, discover who set it in motion, and find a way to catch the villains.
The plot centers on Nina Leeds, the daughter of an Ivy League professor. She is devastated when her adored fiancé is killed in World War I. Nina embarks on a series of sordid affairs before deciding to marry an amiable fool, Sam Evans. While Nina is pregnant with Sam's child, she learns a horrifying secret known only to Sam's mother.
Johnny Coe tells the story of the boy's birth, when Jock Gourlay's stubbornness endangered his life. Describes how his rights to the local quarry were granted to him by the Laird of Templandmuir. John is hurt by Swipey Broon, and he runs away from school. John runs home and hides in the attic.
Zachariah and Morris are a pair of brothers from Port Elizabeth, South Africa. Zachariah has struck up a pen-pal relationship with a white girl, and entertains fantasies that she might fall in love with him. Morris can pass for white, and has done so in the past, but now he has returned to live with his brother.
Alex is asked to work on the Jack and Jill case because of his famous encounters with psychopathic killers and expertise in psychology. He declines by saying that he has connection with the Truth School killer and he wishes to solve it instead. In Alex asks for the help of a group of fellow detectives to work secretly on the Truth school Murders so that the case won't get cold.
Lieutenant Stephen Maryk of the Naval Reserve is on trial for mutiny. Maryk relieved Lt. Commander Philip Francis Queeg of duty, as captain of the U.S. Caine, during a typhoon on December 18 Lt. Barney Greenwald, Maryk's lawyer, indicates that he thinks Maryk, whom he would much rather have prosecuted in the court-martial, was guilty.
Cecily Stone is the restless spirit of a dead author. She feels she cannot die until she has created an idea for her 'great novel' which she never wrote. Theo is an avid reader who lives in the slums of Vancouver with her young mother Mary-Rae. She often fantasizes about an alternate life, her dreams fueled by the huge quantity of books she reads about perfect families.
The title refers to the sound of urine tinkling in a chamber pot. It was first suggested by his brother Stanislaus and which Joyce had come to dislike. In fact, the poetry of Chamber Music is not in the least bawdy. Although the poems did not sell well , they received some critical acclaim.
This book focuses on an aspect of World War II that is largely ignored in many history books - the Nazi looting of Europe and Russia. Allied forces located more than 1,000 repositories in mines and castles across Europe, many of which were filled with art, sculpture, furniture, archives, and other cultural property stolen by the Nazis.
Ugla, an uneducated girl from the countryside, moves from an outlying area of Northern Iceland to the capital city of Reykjavík. She's met with a world that's completely foreign to her: politicians and the military move freely about the city, and she views city residents as spoiled, snobbish and arrogant.
The Aesir, Norse gods, were summoned by the Nazis in 1943. The Nazis used death camps to fuel necromancy on a never before seen scale to summon them. As a result of "Asian faith and African desperation... and all the madness of the tropics", the multiple gods of the developing world are given form through human sacrifice. The Tropicals burn the Arabian oilfields leading to global warming.
This is the sequel to Radar le robot from 1947. In The Robot Drawings, Spirou and Fantasio have a hunch they need to protect the world from criminals getting their hands on mad Professor Samovar's blueprints for a robot with doomsday potential. In Spirou in the Ring, Poildur, a neighbour bully, challenges Spirou to a boxing match.
In Spirou and the Heirs, Fantasio is told he must compete against his cousin Zantafio to inherit from a long-absent uncle. The deceased has devised three trials for the two men: creating an original and useful invention, achieving a top 6 Grand Prix race position, and finally capturing a mysterious animal.
In A Head for Crime, due to a few missing passport photos, Fantasio finds himself a victim of a conspiracy to frame him as the thief of an invaluable Egyptian gold mask. The accompanying short story, Don't Touch the Robins, describes the Marsupilami's close relationship with little birds, while vacationing in The Count of Champignac's castle park.
The book is divided into 6 sections. The first section, named "Trial", starts with a teenage girl named Kate Moran who violently dies one day in school. The next section, titled "1969", describes tests done in the sixties by the U.S. government involving weaponized viruses. The third section, "Diagnosis", describes the autopsy of Kate Moran and introduces the key characters of Dr. Alice Austen, Mark Littleberry, and Will Hopkins.
In Le gorille a bonne mine, Spirou and Fantasio journey to Molomonga in central Africa, on a journalistic expedition to seek out the rare gorillas of Mount Kilimaki. In Vacances sans histoires, the heroes take a road-trip south to the French riviera, and encounter an abundantly wealthy sheikh and allegedly the worst motorcar driver in the world.
In The Nest of the Marsupilamis, Seccotine invites Spirou and Fantasio to a screening of her new documentary film, revealing what she has been doing since last seen in Palombia. The film follows aMarsupilami in the wild, as he discovers and courts a mate, and they form a family in need of care and protection.
Rutherford Calhoun is a freed slave who flees from New Orleans on a ship called the Republic to escape being blackmailed into marriage by Isadora Bailey. After meeting the drunken cook of the Republic while drinking to forget his troubles, Calhoun stows away aboard the ship. The ship travels to Africa to capture members of the Allmuseri tribe to take back to America to sell as slaves.
In The Traveller from the Mesozoic Era, The Count of Champignac sensationally returns from an Antarctic expedition with an intact dinosaur egg. In the included story, La Peur au bout du fil, the Count continues to develop concoctions from mushrooms, but in a thoughtless moment he mistakes the toxic X4 residue from his cup of coffee, causing him to undergo big changes.
In The Prisoner of the Buddha, Spirou and Fantasio arrive in Champignac to find great changes in the Count's mansion park. A Russian scientist, Nicolas Inovskyev, the co-inventor of a revolutionary and powerful device named the G.A.G., is in hiding fearing the same fate as his American partner Harold Longplaying. Longplaying has been kidnapped by the Chinese army, who want his technology. Armed with the new invention, the heroes set out to rescue the prisoner, and save the world.
In QRN over Bretzelburg, trouble stems from Fantasio's amazingly small transistor radio which gets wedged stuck inside the Marsupilami's nose. Fantasio wearing a bathrobe and slippers in the wrong place at the wrong time is abducted by secret Bretzelpolizei who mistake him for Switch. Spirou, Spip and the nervous Switch travel to the dictatorial state, determined to rescue Fantasio.
In Tembo Tabou, Spirou and Fantasio find themselves on another expedition travelling upstream an African river. Events become increasingly more strange when they discover red elephants, befriend a pygmy tribe and confront a gang of "protection racket" thugs. The Cage cronicles an awful day at work for intrepid poacher Bring M. Backalive, obsessed with capturing a living sample of a baby Marsupilami.
The story takes place in Montreal, principally in the poor neighbourhood of Saint-Henri, between February 1940 and May 1940, during the Second World War. Florentine Lacasse, a young waitress at the "Five and Ten" restaurant, falls in love with Jean Lévesque, an ambitious machinist-electrician.
In The Gold Maker, The Count of Champignac reveals on television that he knows the location of a coveted book revealing the secrets of ancient alchemist Nicolas Flamel. In The Japanese Mushroom, Spirou and Fantasio travel to Japan, and are introduced to the Count's Japanese counterpart, Itoh Kata, and a new arch-villainous syndicate of global crime.
Babysitting in Champignac, Spirou and Fantasio, the latter stressed by the pressures of work and the aggravating presence of Gaston Lagaffe. The Count's life has changed dramatically since the conclusion of L'ombre du Z, as he now spends his time taking care of Zorglub who has regressed to the mental age of 8 months.
As The Shadow of Z, begins, Spirou, Fantasio and the Count of Champignac return from Zorgland. They find the population have been paralyzed by a "zorglman" they left behind sedated, the abducted policeman Jérôme, who awoke and went on a stunning spree. After the ordeal, time passes until Zorglub's sinister schemes again become evident.
In Z is for Zorglub, Fantasio receives a hair dryer as a gift from a secret admirer. Its hypnotic abilities announce a new ominous presence in the Spirou universe. An old acquaintance of the Count of Champignac, appears from the past and offers the Count the chance to join him.
In The Pirates of Silence, Fantasio gets an assignment from Le Moustique to write a story about Incognito City. The modernized city is inhabited by wealthy celebrities and where security is tight and photography is strictly forbidden. The plot involves the kidnapping of the Count of Champignac.
Spirou, Fantasio, The Count, Itoh Kata and Zorglub are all gathered at Champignac, when The Triangle appears again. The heroes manage to shoot a tracking device into their abducted friend, and eventually trace the movements of the kidnappers to the island of Tora Torapa. There, Triangle number one Papa Pop is waiting with evil plans for world domination.
In Spirou et les hommes-bulles, memories of Le repaire de la murène are invoked as John Helena, "the Moray", escapes from captivity. In The Miniatures, Marsupilami playfully exposes Fantasio's unused film, forcing him to go to Mr.Flashback's photo store to buy replacements.
Spirou, Fantasio and their guest Itoh Kata are visited by Charles Atan and his henchman Renaldo. They abduct the Japanese magician as a means of forcing his friends to join their organisation. The trail leads them to an old abbey located in an abandoned village. There, Spip, their pet squirrel, also disappears.
In Glucose for Noémie, the story continues where Le champignon nippon of the previous album left off. Ito Kata, a well-known Japanese conjuror, has entrusted Spirou and Fantasio with a special mushroom. The mushroom is also coveted by the Triangle, a SPECTRE-like, world-spanning criminal organization.
In The Gri-Gri of Niokolo-Koba, a native of Senegal throws himself in the taxi of Spirou and Fantasio. The two heroes leave then for Africa, and are joined by strong Sété Bagaré. After some adventures, they end up finding the gangsters.
In Cider for the Stars, while en route to Champignac, Spirou and Fantasio are confronted with strange events. The villagers see extraterrestrials and animals panic. When they arrive at the castle, the Count tells them that he is, in fact, housing three extraterrestials.
In L'Ankou, Ororéa invites Spirou and Fantasio to join her at a congress of magicians in Brittany. When they arrive, they meet strange L'ankou who objects to the presence of a nuclear thermal power station on his land. At their arrival at the hotel, they find out that Itoh Kata is amongst the magicians invited.
In Kodo the Tyrant, Spirou and Fantasio are in Burma and try to enter the small close country, Catung, a dictatorship closed abroad. Thanks to a drunk pilot, John Madflying, they that point reach but are separate. Fantasio meets the inspector general of the Mafia, his quasi-double, who controls really Catung.
In Beans Everywhere, the attack on the bridge of Pagor Tevat fails, fortunately. Fantasio is therefore able to inspect Kuor-Lamb and collect information on the way that the harvests of Kodo function. Spirou manages to contact with him thanks to the pigeon of Prabang; the rebels attempt to remove Spirou from the scene. United at last, Fantasio and Spirou develop a plan to overthrow the dictator.
In The Belt of Great Cold, Fantasio made the eccentric purchase of an old ship on which he, Spirou and Spip go on a journey by sea. They end up arriving in a zone in which the climate resembles the North Pole. The three scientists living the close island explains to them that this belt of cold is caused artificially and that the island is fictitious also.
In The Black Box, Fantasio opened the mysterious box that Jefferson, Boris and Karl left them. He discovers there the plans of thousands of inventions. When he tests one in company of Spirou, it draws the attention of the commander Alexander. Spirou is obliged to yield to them the block box in exchange of Fantasio.
In The Silence Makers, Fantasio ask Spirou to join him. Spirou understands quickly that it again used the block box. It discovers with him its invention: the aspison. The machine has the capacity to swallow any sound around the zone where it is used.
An icebreaker has unexpectedly moored in the port of Le Havre where it has been put into quarantine. Suspecting a connection with Isola Red, a research base set in Antarctica and which has been out of touch from some time. John Helena, nicknamed the Moray, who has fled the ship. The Count knows of a cure to the virus affecting Helena and the men at the base.
In Adventure in Australia, the Count of Champignac, accompanied by a young professor, Walker Donahue, thinks he has made an extraordinary discovery in Australia. He asks Spirou and Fantasio to join them. The two go to the Australia, accompanied with Seccotine, which was essential. When they arrive, Donahues informs them that the Count was killed by miners.
Spirou and Fantasio find themselves in possession of a strange automaton. They follow it to Champignac, where it stops in an old unused railway station. There, they discover a bound and gagged young woman, whom they untie. She appears hostile and flees after destroying the station's interior. The owner of the place, Caténaire, discovers the chaos when he returns and explains everything.
In The Comet's Watchmaker, The Count de Champignac goes to visit his great nephew and entrusts the castle to Spirou and Fantasio. However, a strange vessel crashes in their garden and an individual resembling the Count, accompanied by a strange creature, Snouffelaire, disembark. The individual proves to be the descendant of the Count and come from the future to look for the seeds of some plants that are extinct in his time.
In The Awakening of Z, Spirou and Fantasio resume their journalistic activities. Fantasio is confronted with the skepticism of his new director of information, Kakeukh. They quickly discover, in company of So-Yah, the assistant of Aurélien, that the world is at the mercy of the descendant of Zorglub.
The Count of Champignac discovers during an experiment that one of its products causes horrible changes on an alive body in contact with alcohol. Spirou inquires into a forger who publishes a Gaston Lagaffe n°5 pirate comic book. The hotel director mistakes Spirou for one of his employees, making him operate the elevator.
An Irish boy, named Benny, who is in an all-Ireland hurling team, journeys to Tunisia because of his father's new oversea job. He is determined to hate and find fault with the country and annoys everyone. They develop a friendship, through Omar's "telly-speak" English. Benny is exposed to real life in Tunisia, actual pain and suffering bigger than losing a sports match.
The Death of Artemio Cruz is dedicated to sociologist C. Wright Mills, who Fuentes calls "the true voice of North America and great friend in the struggle for the people in Latin America" The narrator is in a state of perpetual delirium, like mutterings of a brilliant poet with a soaring fever, hovering between life and death.
Cal is infected with an STD that turns his victims into cannibalistic monsters. Cal is recruited by the Night Watch, a secret government organization that has existed for centuries to contain the disease and its victims. But soon Cal realizes that there is more going on than he has been told.
The Speaker of the United States House of Representatives and the curator of the rare books collection of the Library of Congress both are found dead. Annabelle Conroy is introduced as a con artist, who after pulling off a 40 million heist against an Atlantic City Casino owner is on the run for her life.
Donna, the book's protagonist, goes on the run with her daughter Sandy when she learns that her ex-husband, who molested Sandy for years, has been released from prison. After a car accident leaves them stranded in the small California coastal town of Malcasa Point, Donna and Sandy cross paths with Judge, a mercenary hired to track down and kill a murderous creature.
The novel is set in 1957, in the small town of Saitter, Louisiana, where twelve-year-old Tiger Ann Parker lives. When her beloved grandmother suddenly dies, Tiger faces the choice of either staying with her parents or moving in with her rich, glamorous aunt in Baton Rouge.
The story is simply a progression through the lives of the titular couple, from their courtship in the late 1920s to their deaths in the early 70s. Ethel is a lady's maid with middle-class aspirations and firm notions of respectable English behaviour. Ernest, five years younger, is an easygoing milkman with socialist ideals and an enthusiastic interest in modern progress and technology.
Dr. Blumenthal finds out that she cannot conceive as her fallopian tubes are blocked due to a case of TB. She tries to conceive through a modern technique called in vitro fertilization. After four unsuccessful cycles she and her husband start to A group of female patients in an Australian clinic try to read their medical records. They find out that a pathologist, Dr. Tristan Williams, from a clinic with similar name in Australia, has written a paper about a condition similar Marissa meets
The book tells of the seduction of a British schoolgirl by a dashing soldier, John Montraville, who brings her to America and there abandons her, pregnant and ill. As such, it belongs to the Seduction novel genre popular in early American literature.
The novel is about a murder that occurs on a reality television programme called House Arrest. Three police officers try to identify the killer by watching all the video recordings of the ten housemates while the remaining housemates continue the reality television show. The killer is revealed on the final night of the show to be the show's producer, who had set up the murder to attract increased ratings.
The book's omniscient point of view, Littlest One, is out on a dark night. As she and her mentor, Fastidious, sneak into a woman and her dog's home. Through touching, they gather fragments such as colors, words, sounds, and scents. They then combine the fragments to become dreams, and give the dreams to humans, and sometimes pets.
Sophie finds herself dumped by her current boyfriend Lou, then immediately falls into a new relationship with Dylan. She then forms a secret romance with an internet chat-room boy named Chaz. The book ends with Sophie choosing to sit with Robin in the cafeteria instead of her friends, knowing that revealing her secret relationship to her friends and classmates would be okay.
The book was also available in the audiobook and E-Book formats. The climax begins with the Jedi interfering in the midst of a battle between the Galactic Alliance and the Confederation over Centerpoint Station in the Corellian system. The story ends with the revelation of Allana's parentage to Han and Leia.
Anastasia is thrilled when old Mrs. Bellingham answers her ad for a job as a Lady's Companion. As if that isn't bad enough, she accidentally drops a piece of silverware down the garbage disposal and must use her earnings to pay for it! Is the summer destined to be a disaster?
Anastasia buys a plaster bust of Sigmund Freud at a garage sale and consults him as her life takes a series of twists and turns. Freud remains enigmatic and unjudgmental as Anastasia's science project goes hopelessly awry and even her usually unflappable mother, Katherine Krupnik, loses her cool.
Anastasia's mother, who is a children's book illustrator, finds out that she is being flown to California to act as a consultant for a film being made from a book that she illustrated. At first, Anastasia thinks that being in charge of the house in her mother's absence will be a snap, particularly when she and her father make up an easy to follow, super-organized housekeeping list.
Anastasia Krupnik begins a secret kissing boy club with her ideal man, carefully selected from the personals column in her father's magazine. "SWM, 28, boyish charm, inherited wealth, looking for tall young woman, nonsmoker, to share Caribbean vacations, reruns of Casablanca, and romance"
Fatal Cure tells the story of two young doctors, with their 9-year-old daughter who suffers from a chronic disease, cystic fibrosis. David and Angela quickly find out that their idyllic town harbors dark secrets. The novel ends with a dénouement somewhat similar to Silence of the Lambs.
The Artist's Way is a collection of tips and hints from different artists and authors. Originally self published by Julia Cameron and Mark Bryan as a set of helpful methods for maximizing the creativity and productivity of artists. The book went on to reach the Top 10 best seller list and onto the list of the Top 100 Best Self-Help Books of All Time.
The book begins with the Salem Witch Trials of 1692 where Elizabeth Stewart is prosecuted on suspicions of being a witch. Three hundred years later, the Stewart family fortune is inherited by Kimberly Stewart. Kim is introduced to the brilliant scientist Edward Armstrong by their mutual friend Stanton Lewis. The two immediately fall in love.
Sam Krupnik has invented a special, surprise perfume just for his mother. The concoction will combine all of her favorite smells. The question is: Exactly how does one go about bottling the quirky collection of scents? If anyone can find a way - or at least have loads of fun trying - it's Sam.
Anastasia Krupnik's little brother, Sam, wants fangs more than anything in the world. Sam decides to run away to Alaska, where "fanged" walruses lie around in a pile and sharp teeth are generally accepted. Lois Lowry continues to give Anastasia's brother a voice of his own.
Sam Krupnik has zookeeping aspirations. He is thrilled when his teacher says he can tell the other children about a series of zoo animals. "For six weeks he could stand in front of the circle and feel that feeling of being the most interesting person in the room," says his teacher.
Nora Rose Rowley is the main character of the story and secretive genius. Her appearance is described as being short with reddish-blond hair. She was so intelligent by kindergarten, that she taught herself to understand Spanish by watching the Univision channel and to read National Geographic. She loves astronomy, Latin, archaeology, and soccer.
The book opens with a prologue narrated by Hannay, describing how Hannay is approached by the American military attache in London to covertly solve the mystery of Blenkiron's disappearance in South America. Hannay seeks out his friend Sandy Arbuthnot for help, but Sandy soon disappears, sending Hannay a mysterious letter saying to lie low and keep quiet. The action next moves to Olifa, where Archie and Janet Roylance are honeymooning.
This book is set in 1912. Turner Buckminster, the son of Reverend Buckminster , has just moved from Boston, Massachusetts to Phippsburg, Maine. Turner meets an african-american girl, Lizzie Bright Griffin, befriends her, despite his difficulty with social situations. Turner has to save Lizzy's family and friends before they all must leave Malaga Island.
Virgil Tibbs is an experienced homicide investigator passing through Wells, a small town in South Carolina. When local police officer Sam Wood chances upon him waiting for a connecting train, he swiftly takes him into custody. Despite these obstacles, Tibbs reluctantly agrees to help the local police force, commanded by Chief Bill Gillespie.
Frostbite takes place in the remote wilderness of Alberta. The setting is similar to the real world, but where werewolves are rare but known phenomena. The novel opens with Cheyenne "Chey" Clarke parachuting into the wilds of Alberta, provisioned with extensive hiking supplies.
Master Warrant Officer Jenny Casey has cybernetic replacements for an arm and an eye that she lost during combat. Jenny's former commander, who was responsible for replacing her limbs, contacts her to bring her into a secret government/corporate project that she is uniquely qualified to participate in.
In the fictional British history depicted in the book the Labour Party wins an overwhelming majority in general elections and sets up a government. They do not institute a full Socialist economy, but they do constantly raise wages, heavily tax the upper classes and create a large government bureaucracy. In foreign policy, the Labour Government takes a conciliatory policy towards other powers and curtails military spending. A powerful upper-class cabal makes careful secret preparations for overthrowing the government.
The book starts out with Mma Ramotswe talking to her fiance, Mr. J.L.B. Matekoni, about the future of her assistant, Mma Grace Makutsi. The focus shifts to Mr. Mma Makuti, who opens a typing school just for men to increase her income.
The novel is set in an American summer camp for boys, Camp High Pines. The novel is written as the diary of thirteen-year-old protagonist Winston Weyn. Some of the older boys resent the authority of Mr. Warren, the camp director, and some of the members of his staff.
The story is told in the form of a series of journal entries made by Beka Cooper as she trains to become a Dog. Beka is able to hear the voices of ghosts who ride the backs of pigeons until they are ready to enter the Peaceful Realms of the Black God. She is extremely shy and has a hard time speaking in front of people.
Knight of the Word Logan Tom races to save the gypsy morph Hawk and his girlfriend Tessa from being thrown to their deaths from atop Safeco Field. Logan runs into Panther and Sparrow, helping them fight off Croaks and reunite with the tribe. In the Elven city of Arborlon, Kirisin and Erisha are caught in the library by Culph. Angel has been tasked with helping the Elves to find the Loden Elfstone.
So Much to Tell You is presented as a diary written by a 14-year-old girl known as Marina. Marina has a scarred face because she was the unintended victim of an incident involving a vial of acid which was thrown by her father. She refused to talk to anyone during her long recovery period in hospital.
The novel follows Kate Cold, a writer for International Geographic, and her grandson Alexander Cold. The story begins with the monk Tensing and his disciple, the Prince Dil Bahadur, on a journey to the Valley of the Yeti. They are in search of rare plants found only there, for use in medicines and bal Grr-ympr is very old, from a stronger generation of Yetis.
The book centers around a racist colonel, Wesley McCulloch and his black pursuer, Troy Harmon. The book opens with Harmon called in by a special military watchdog organization to investigate why McCulloch has been buying large quantities of gold. The case worsens when it is discovered McCulloch also murders three people to cover his plans.
Crawfurd grows up in Kirkcaple, by the North Sea, where he first encounters the antagonist, Laputa, performing a ritual on the beach. Crawfurd's father dies, and he goes to work as a shopkeeper in a place called Blaauwildebeestefontein. He gradually learns of illegal diamond smuggling and of a planned rising of the native people of the region, led by Laputa.
At the beginning of the novel several characters formerly seen in Huntingtower and Castle Gay are about to go to Europe for the summer. Jaikie meets Randal Glynde who encourages him to visit Evallonia, which is on the verge of a revolution. On the way he meets Ashie, a friend from Cambridge who is now a leader of the third element in the Evallonian political scene, Juventus.
Buchan wrote this while Governor General of Canada and it was published posthumously following his death as a result of a fall and stroke. The plot is particularly poignant, since it discusses a terminally ill man, Edward Leithen, going off to die in a hidden valley in the Canadian wilderness.
David is frustrated that none will publish his book. David has a girlfriend named Sophie who has job in Africa and seems to have a love interest with Suzanna "Zanna" Martindale. Guinevere caught Gawain's fire tear and she is from ages long past. Henry Bacon is the Penny Gleckle is the "son" of Suzanna and Gawain the dragon.
Five guests are chosen to take part in a shocking experiment. Two of the guests see their own obituaries in The Times one year after. Will they be able to change their destinies? Part of the action is clearly autobiographical, including featuring the agonies of a contemporary up and coming politician.
Guy Fletcher is an actor who overhears a joke in his local pub about his mother. The next day he wonders where jokes come from and goes on a mission to track down the joke. After investigating various dead-ends he falls in love with a woman called Sally. He is noticed by a mysterious company, led by a man called Rupert Liddy.
Scorched is a popular narrative which takes its readers on a vivid journey through southern Africa's mesmerising landscapes. It delivers an accessible account of the often complex modelling produced by scientific institutions. Scorched ponders the morality of the changes humankind has wrought, and the future of life as we know it.
The story begins with Percy having a nightmare about Grover being chased by a cyclops. The nightmare ends with a big voice booming, "MINE!" It is the last day of school at Meriweather Prep. Annabeth appears to have been following Percy to talk to him about her own nightmares. She helps Percy and Tyson defeat the Laistrygonians.
Gooney Bird Greene has just transferred to Mrs. Pidgeon's second grade class in Watertower. She is unusually self-confident, likes to be the center of attention, has an eccentric flair for style, and an exciting, almost magical past. The class demands Gooney Bird as the main character of the story.
Ninth Key is about a girl who gets a poison oak rash after falling into a clump of it at a pool-party. Suze tries and fails to get in contact with a local businessman called Thaddeus Beaumont. She encounters the spirit of a young boy named Timothy, who tells her his parents abandoned his cat, Spike.
Spirou and Fantasio go on a bicycle camping trip to the country and end up near the village of Champignac-en-Cambrousse. They meet its pompous mayor and rustic inhabitants, and an aloof local landowner. Strange phenomena are affecting farm and wild animals, and the frightened villagers blame a gypsy.
The story starts with Suze's best friend from New York, Gina, coming to visit her in Carmel, California. Suze learns in one of her classes that it was Michael Meducci who had accidentally rammed the Angels. Michael thinks Suze is in love with him so he tries to pursue a relationship with her.
The story involves a deadly disease that nearly wipes out the Pernese population. Moreta is a weyrwoman at Fort Weyr who sets out to save the human population. The follow-up novel, Nerilka's Story, tells the tale of the same event from a different perspective.
Pernese lifeforms appear to instinctively react to the Thread. In order to ensure the survival of the newly designed species, as well as reduce the possible threat they may have to the colonists, they are created with an ability to bond with humans. By the end of the book, Sorka Hanrahan and Sean Connell become the first of the dragonriders.
Dr. David Henry is forced to deliver his and his wife Norah's first child, with the help of a nurse; Caroline Gill. When the second baby, a girl, is born, David notices immediately she has Down syndrome. Caroline decides to keep and raise the baby herself. David lies to Norah and tells her that their daughter died at birth.
Based in Oklahoma around 1880, a newly arrived couple learn about the local legends surrounding a "Snake God" The husband has a snake phobia which isn't helped by the wife disturbing a nest of rattlesnakes. The husband and wife go through rituals to keep Yig away, but in the end it fails and in fear the woman kills her own husband in the dark.
Danny, who lives with his parents and younger brother, takes his bike out onto the moors. While there, he notices that a storm is brewing, and is just heading for home when he spots a concrete pillbox left over from the war. Danny finds the town in ruins, and learns that his family's shop has collapsed, killing his mother. His father and Ben have survived, as they were in the cellar, which the Lodges use as a stockroom.
The Farming of Bones tells the story of a young Haitian girl named Amabelle Desir. Set in the Dominican Republic in the 1930s, it is evident that Am Isabelle's life revolves around her lover, Sebastien Onius. After the accidental death of one of Sebastien's fellow cane workers, the Haitian's distrust of the Dominican government grows. With news of the Generalissimo's intentions to cleanse the country, Haitian workers attempt to return home.
In The Marsupilami's Thieves, Spirou and Fantasio regret giving the magnificent animal they brought back from the Palombian jungle to a zoo. This journey brings them to the city of Magnana, and the fiendish Circus Zabaglione.
Spirou and Fantasio decide to take him back to his home in the Palombian jungles. After an eventful journey by cruise ship, they find that Fantasio's shady cousin Zantafio has reinvented himself as General Zantas and become the country's ruthless dictator. The pair decide to feign a change of heart, and plan to foil the invasion using one of The Count of Champignac's curious inventions.
In The Moray's Keep, shipping magnate Xénophon Hamadryas offers a $ 6000 prize to the makers of a submarine innovation. The Count of Champignac's mini-sub invention is so spectacular that the competition must resort to sabotage. A chain of secrets need to be exposed while the maritime criminal John "the Moray" Helena lurks in the deep.
The story takes place in London, where Dr. Sabian Blake is looking out to space through his telescope. He is told about this star by The Nemorensis, an ancient book that holds many old and powerful secrets. It has predicted that the comet Wormwood, which was foretold in the book of Revelation, is hurtling towards the earth.
Two straight couples spend the Fourth of July weekend in a house inherited by Sally from her brother who died of AIDS. As they divert themselves from their own mortality with food, cocktails, the New York Times crossword puzzle, fireworks, charades, and biting jabs at each other and the boys next door, the two couples find little to celebrate about themselves or their country on its birthday.
Eldrinson Valdoria took over a year to heal from serious injuries inflicted on him by the Aristo Vitarex. He is happy to reconcile with his daughter Sauscony whom he disowned for leaving home to become a Jagernaut. But he can't do the same with his son Althor, who is lying near death in a military hospital.
In The Rhino's Horn, Spirou and Fantasio rescue their friend the racecar driver Roulebille who has been wounded by murderous thugs. The search for Martin takes them to several regions of Africa - complete with rather dated portrayals of the natives. After retrieving the missing blueprints from the titular body part they are given the very first prototype of the car, baptised Turbot-Rhino to celebrate their adventure.
A Barrel of Laughs, a Vale of Tears is a fantasy story about a young prince named Roger. Roger has never seen a sad thing in the course of his life. He sets off into the Forever Forest which, true to its name, is unending. The story is set in the Valley of Vengeance, where the inhabitants are constantly seeking revenge against each other.
The book is about Sam Gribley, a 12-year-old boy who intensely dislikes living in his parents' cramped New York City apartment. He decides to run away to his great-grandfather's abandoned farm. Sam decides he wants a falcon as a hunting bird and camps near a cliff for several days.
The sequel was as well received as its predecessor, but notably darker undercurrents stream beneath its main plot. Principal among those is the spectre of sexual frustration in single sex schools, a sparsely explored theme of both "Chocolate War" books. Critics have argued that Cormier was alluding to Trinity being destroyed by the perversion of simple teenage urges.
Zola's novel opens in 1863 and covers about 10 years. The novel contrasts Pauline's optimism and open-heartedness with the illness, resentment, and depression prevalent in the Chanteau household. The 19-year-old son Lazare, a student of the writings of Schopenhauer, is infused with pessimism.
A human starship intercepts a mysterious signal and tracks it back to Carina 4268, a star system 212 light years from Earth. Two elite scouts, Adam Reith and Paul Waunder, are dispatched in a small scout-boat. Reith rescues an outcast Dirdirman, Ankhe at afram Anacho, from a Phung.
Adam Reith is marooned on a planet inhabited by four advanced, mutually hostile, alien species, the Chasch, Wankh, Dirdir and native Pnume. In his quest to return home, he acquires three human companions : Traz Onmale, a taciturn teenage barbarian chieftain, Ankhe at afram Anacho, and Ylin-Ylan, a beautiful young Yao woman. As the voyage progresses however, their relationship cools.
Adam Reith is stranded on Tschai, a distant planet shared by four alien, mutually hostile, advanced species. On his quest to get home, he acquires two human companions, Traz Onmale, a teenage barbarian chieftain, and Ankhe at afram Anacho, an outcast Dirdirman.
Adam Reith is abducted by the Pnume, the sentient native race of Tschai. He is taken to their museum, but manages to free himself. He and Zap 210 escape to the surface, where they are reunited with Anacho and Traz. Eventually, they find Zap 210 missing, and Reith gives himself up to the Pnumekin.
Stopping at Slowyear tells the story of an interstellar cargo vessel. It visits a planet called Slowyear after its 19-year-long revolution around its star. The crew explore the local culture and find several odd customs. Among these is of a sort of death lottery as a punishment for crimes.
Miss Jane Hathaway is an astute pillar of a quaint coastal community. She has long overcome the scandal created by her elder sister's elopement. She's also aware of a child, although she's never met her niece. Mr. Winfield proposes to Ruth, and she accepts, although no date is set.
The novel follows the lives of Rose and her widowed Aunt, Madame Francesca Bernard, along with young visitor and cousin Isabel. Other characters that help shape their lives in significant ways are the Crosby twins, unconventional and uninhibited youths that set society at naught. Through the limited "wide-scope" descriptions the reader is not sure of the historical setting.
David Conover and his wife risked everything they had and even went into debt to pursue their dream. The book is an account of an earnest but amateurish effort to perform plumbing, carpentry, well digging, and boat navigation, which produced nearly fatal results. The story is told with a good humor, sensitivity, and insightful philosophy.
The children of Colonel Beverley, a Cavalier officer killed at the Battle of Naseby, are believed to have died in the flames when their house, Arnwood, is burned by Roundhead soldiers. They escape and are raised by Jacob Armitage, a gamekeeper in his cottage in the New Forest. The story describes how the children adapt from an aristocratic lifestyle to that of simple foresters.
The novel concerns a survivor of the 9/11 attacks and the effect his experiences on that day have on his life thereafter. Keith Neudecker, a 39-year-old lawyer who works in the World Trade Center, escapes from the building injured slightly and walks to the apartment he previously shared with his son Justin and estranged wife Lianne.
Almanac of the Dead takes place against the backdrop of the American Southwest and Central America. It follows the stories of dozens of major characters in a somewhat non-linear narrative format. Much of the story takes place in the present day, although lengthy flashbacks and occasional mythological storytelling are also woven into the plot.
Elizabeth couldn't put a name to those dark, shadowy fears. She was grateful for the reassurance of Tatie's strong, enveloping brown arms which held her when she needed comforting. She relished her friendship with Tatie’s grandson, feisty and streetwise Charles, who called her dumb old Elizabeth but didn't mean it. Together the two lonely children tried to interpret for each other an adult world.
The narrative follows the lives of two men, who by chance meet at a cafe in Budapest, Hungary. Over the course of several months they forge a friendship that leads to various revelations and disclosures, each of which are carried out with the greatest of subtlety. It was described by the author as "a little psychological romance"
The novel begins with the introduction of three of the characters. Pandalevskii relates to Aleksandra Dar'ya Mikhailovna's invitation to come and meet a Baron Muffel. Rudin arrives and captivates Rudin meets Lezhnev for the first time.
The novel is set mostly in Johannesburg in the early- to mid-1970s during Apartheid. Rosa is the daughter of Lionel Burger, a white Afrikaner anti-apartheid activist. Rosa grew up in a family that actively supported the overthrow of the apartheid government.
La Clé sur la porte is a serious and picturesque novel of today's youth. A forty-year old woman describes her life living in an apartment in Paris. She contrasts her formerly strict and closed world against the free one of today. Marie Cardinal invites us to question these themes in this personal and passionate book.
Main character of story, Okiayu Kaname, a Japanese high school senior, learns about alleged game-fixing scandal that kept winning streak of South Korean soccer team during 2002 FIFA World Cup. Main topics of book includes alleged 2002 World Cup game scandal, Japanese compensation to Korea for colonial rules, Opposition to Zainichi Koreans suffrage, Korean plagiarism of Japanese culture.
Meridian centers on Meridian Hill, a student at the fictitious Saxon College who becomes active in the Civil Rights movement. She becomes romantically involved with another activist, Truman Held, and though he impregnates her, they have a turbulent on-and-off relationship. After Meridian has an abortion, Truman becomes far more attached to her and longs to start a life together.
Pearl Louie Brandt is an American-born daughter of a Chinese mother and a Chinese-American father. The novel switches to the narrative voice of Winnie Louie, who tells the story of her past to Pearl. Winnie was abandoned by her mother, a lesser wife of her father, and her aunts arranged a traditional marriage for her.
 Carlton Dunne IV attempts to go through the year without attracting attention to himself as he has done for the past two years. He has a fondness for art and a "secret" identity as a Connecticut comic strip artist. When his father is kidnapped by a Scottish clan exacting revenge for a feud nearly a thousand years ago, Carlton is drawn into the battle.
In the military run country of Militaria, Professor Nicholas Caritat is arrested because he has been giving hope to the Optimists, the nation's enemies. He is soon released and finds his way to Polygopolis, Communitaria with the help of Reverend Goddington. He meets a rock star who is hiding because he had been excommunicated from his communities because he wrote to a satirical rock opera.
Four years have gone by since World War II has ended. Tatiana and her lover, her husband, her Shura, her Alexander - are married and living a life together with their son, Anthony. Yet they are strangers to each Tatiana's friend Vikki phones her to say that the USA government is looking for Alexander.
The plot of The Fright at Tristor begins with a mention of the brutal murders occurring in the hamlet of Tristor. Some believe the source of the attacks to be a band of orcs following a mysterious entity known as "The Watcher" When outlying farms are attacked outright, it is up to the adventurers to halt these killings and save the town.
KapuciDski writes about the 1939 entry of the Red Army into PiDsk, his home town in the Polesie area. He continues to describe his postwar experiences in the Soviet Union, including his travel on the Trans-Siberian Railway. During these voyages he traveled over 60,000 km, mostly by plane.
The story centers around two rival ninja clans; the Iga and the Koga; whose no-hostilities treaty is lifted by retired shogun Tokugawa Ieyasu to settle a succession dispute. At the center of the conflict is Koga and Iga's two young heirs; Gennosuke and Oboro respectively; who had fallen in love in the hopes of bringing their clans together in peace.
The book describes the life of Barbadian immigrants in Brooklyn during the Great Depression and then in World War II. The primary characters include Selina and Ina Boyce and their parents, who suffer from racism and extreme poverty. The book did not gain widespread recognition until it was reprinted in 1981.
Jacky Faber is the leader of all the popular girls in the school. She takes a horse riding class, art class, an embroidery class, a class in French and an etiquette class. On Sunday mornings, the girls go to Jacky is right about Mather as she finds him to be more than a typical "fire-and-brimstone" preacher.
The plot follows the story of a penniless, starving author called Geoffrey Tempest. Tempest remains blissfully unaware throughout the novel that Lucio is the Earthly incarnation of the Devil. Eventually, when confronted with the true nature of his companion, he renounces evil and returns to society penniless but content with the chance to purify his soul.
Chloe is a typical college student. She participates in campus traditions, tries to have some fun between all the tedious coursework of the Ivy League. She doesn't find herself lonely, as there is plenty going on to keep her attention elsewhere. When a cybercrush evolves from her countless online critics its no surprise that Chloe lets herself become engrossed with this developing relationship.
The story follows the unnamed protagonist and his irrational hatred of John Claverhouse, a man with a "moon-face" The protagonist observes that Claverhouses engages in illegal fishing with dynamite and hatches a scheme to kill him. The protagonist teaches a dog, Bellona, to do one thing and one thing only, retrieval, with emphasis on water retrieving and taking the stick back.
The novel sees Devon's first county coroner, Sir John de Wolf, investigating the sudden death of a wealthy guild-master. The victim's widow is convinced that her husband has been done to death by an evil spell. She embarks on a campaign to rid the region of its 'cunning women' leading to a hysteria in which a number of women are persecuted and even executed.
The story begins with Paul and Judy Stone, along with their parents, on a coach tour in the mountains of Romania. As they explore and play in the snow, they come across a baby vampire who was asleep underneath a stone Paul fell on. Paul, Judy and Vlad safely arrive back in England without revealing Vlad to their parents.
Top pop music composer Vernon Gersch meets Sonia Walsk at his luxury Manhattan apartment. The pair's romance and collaboration seems successful for a while, but the relationship begins to crumble. Months later, both have separately come to the realization that, despite their differences, they are better together.
Prince Rupert is taken by the Roundheads; held captive at a country house, he falls in love with his captor's niece, Jennifer. Rupert and Jennifer exchange magic rings that will aid them as long as they are true to each other. Rupert sets out with Will to find the books that Prospero sank, in order to aid King Charles.
The "doctor" of the title is Edwin Spindrift, Ph.D., an unhappily married professor of linguistics. He is sent home from Burma to England suffering from a mysterious brain ailment. While Edwin is confined to a neurological ward, undergoing a battery of diagnostic tests, his wife amuses herself with some disreputable new friends at the surrounding pubs.
The novel is written episodically and in reverse-chronological order. It consists of fifteen chapters divided in three parts: Part I , Part II , and Part III. Part I is centered around the adult lives of the four García sisters. Part II details the family's collective experience of living in the United States as immigrants. Part III, the concluding section, focus on the García family's early years in the Dominican Republic.
The title refers to Beethoven's Sixth Symphony. It is about a pastor who adopts a young blind girl whom his daughter, Charlotte, names "Gertrude" His wife, Amélie, resents him because he dedicates more attention to her than to their five children.
Single origin hypothesis says human ancestors originated in Africa. They then made their way out to the rest of the world. First wave left isolated groups of dark-skinned people in south east Asia. Second wave of migration took a more northerly course, splitting somewhere around what is now called Syria.
Henri Troppmann goes from his sick-bed in Paris to Barcelona during the Spanish Civil War. He is torn between three different women, all of whom arrive in the city at that time. The novel is introduced by a scene of extreme degeneracy in a London hotel room.
George Webber has written a successful novel about his family and hometown. When he returns to that town, he is shaken by the force of outrage and hatred that greets him. The journey comes full circle when Webber returns to America and rediscovers it with love, sorrow, and hope.
The October Horse chronicles the life of Gaius Julius Caesar. The title comes from a chariot race in Rome on the Ides of October. The right-hand horse of the winning team was sacrificed to the Roman gods. Julius Caesar, figuratively the best war horse in Rome, represents the October Horse.
The novel is about a young girl working at the home of Dr. Henry Jekyll who falls in love with her master. Edward Hyde, the assistant, is generally considered her nemesis. This however is often debated amongst readers. The novel is considered one of the best-selling novels of all time.
Marcus Didius Falco has offered his services to Vespasian as a tax collector during the 'great Census' of AD 73. Falco stumbles upon the apparent murder of a star man-eating lion and an apparent rivalry between the schools. When a gladiator also ends up dead, Falco takes on the investigation which leads him to Tripolitania.
The story takes place in the 1840s up to 1850. The characters illustrate some of the motives that prompted people to leave Sweden in the 19th century. The travelers include: Karl-Oskar, Kristina and their four children - seeking to escape poverty and famine. Ulrika of Västergöhl, a former prostitute, looking to leave her past behind.
This novel describes the journey of the Emigrants from New York City, New York to Taylors Falls, Minnesota. They settle at the lake Ki-Chi-Saga in what is today Chisago County, and start building their home. Robert, Karl-Oskar's brother, takes off to California with Arvid in search for gold.
This novel tells about Karl-Oskar and Kristina in their late life and eventual death. The novel has a slightly more reflective perspective than the other three. It follows events such as The American Civil War and the Sioux Outbreak of 1862 through the perspective of the settlers.
The story cuts to the woman from the tree and the seed she carries. In the winter of 1535, an army of Spanish soldiers is searching for the Tree of Life. In 1997, Thomas Creo meets a woman named Izzi and they share an intimate night. In 2463, Tom places the ring over the tattoo that he first gave himself.
Nicodemus Dyzma is a small-town man who comes to the Polish capital from the Eastern provinces in search of work. While walking the streets of Warsaw, he finds a lost invitation to a party reception. Hoping for a free meal, he decides to use it since he owns a tuxedo. At the reception, he befriends a Member of Parliament and wins the hearts of guests with his attitude.
Talley's Folly is the story of one night in the lives of two unlikely sweethearts. The one-act play takes place in a dilapidated boathouse on the Talley. The couple begins to reminisce about the night they met and the time they spent together last summer.
Vicky and her family are on a cross-country camping trip, meant to be a transition between their life in rural Thornhill, Connecticut and a very different one in New York City. Along the way, they meet a teenage gang in Tennessee, help rescue children from a flood in Texas, and find an abandoned baby at a campsite in Utah.
First novel is told from the first-person perspective and is told by a diver living in a run-down apartment in St. Petersburg. Maniac asks the diver for a virus he could smuggle through "Labyrinth" security. He upgrades the diver's Gunslinger Jinx is a non-corporeal entity from another world.
Ford's character Frank Bascome is preparing for Thanksgiving at his home in Sea Clift, New Jersey. Over the course of three days, Frank has a range of painful experiences with everyone he meets. Frank's most redeeming moments as a character are in a lesbian bar where he waits for repair work on his Chevrolet Suburban.
Tim Ingram uncovers a mystery about the 15 year old boy who had once lived in the house and had died in 1910. With the help of his friend Rebecca, Tim investigates, but finds events from the past being mirrored in his own life. The film is based on a true story.
Arnold Hodgkiss is a jewel thief who has come to London to steal the Crown Jewels. Hodgkiss keeps the parcel, hoping to turn it in some way to his advantage. Jerry Cornell receives a new assignment: to discover the whereabouts of plans for "Project Glass," which have been stolen.
The story follows the Austin family in New York City after the events of The Moon by Night. Canon Tallis, newly arrived at the Cathedral of Saint John the Divine, meets the Austin children and their friends just as they encounter an anachronistic Genie in a junk shop. Tallis advises and helps to protect the children as they are drawn into a mystery involving the Genie and a street gang called the Alphabats.
Inangela is a would-be recruit for Faction Paradox. Valentine is an ambulance driver with dangerous opinions about the War. Tiffany is a world famous pop star whose public image is starting to get out of control. There's something buried underneath this town - something that could alter the course of human history.
Clement had a good life until her aunt marries Mr Tyrell. Francis is pushed into a sinister mansion enclosed by unclimbable walls. At first she trustingly accepts her aunt's new life. But as she uncovers its sinister secrets she realises she has to escape.
Dana Halter is an American woman in her early thirties who at the age of four suffered an infection which left her profoundly deaf. Her boyfriend, Bridger Martin, is a "hearie", a man a few years younger than herself who creates special effects for the film industry. Out of love, Martin has gone to great lengths to accommodate her disability, for example, he has taken a course in sign language.
The novella centres on the antagonisms that exist between two brothers. It recounts the story of Robert, a priest whose conduct appears so exemplary that he is called "L'Abbé" Robert is also involved in the clandestine activities of the French Resistance. Against his perspective of ecclesiastical morality, one encounters his twin brother Charles, who is a "libertine"
Stephens was found dead on a moorland road, at first glance from natural causes. Speculation is rife that he has some connections with the German court. His alcoholic mother insists that he was the son of the German Emperor William II. Two German army officers are found staying in a cottage not far from where Stephens' body was found.
Jim Pooley and John Omally live in the London borough of Brentford. Their problems start when Archroy's wife sells his beloved Morris Minor for five magic beans. To cut a long story short, the beans grow into hideous homunculi, whose only purpose is to serve their dark master, the Antipope.
The Straw Men is a book about serial killers. It opens with a scene set in a small American town, where a duo of gunmen open fire in a busy McDonalds fastfood franchise. The remainder of the book jumps between two storylines. The first is a first person narrative piece telling us about Ward Hopkins.
The book begins by introducing the villain, Geoffrey Shafer. He is a well-dressed and wealthy man who lives in Kalorama, Washington, D.C. As Geoffrey feels he is losing control, he decides to play a fantasy game called the Four Horseman, in which he takes on the character of Death.
Digging to America is a story set in Baltimore, Maryland about two very different families' experiences with adoption and their relationships with each other. Sami and Ziba Yazdan, an Iranian-American family, and Brad and Bitsy Dickinson-Donaldson, an all-American suburban family, meet at the airport on the day their infant daughters arrive from Korea. The two families become friends and begin a tradition of celebrating the arrival of their adopted daughters each year.
The story opens in the lower levels of Coruscant in 24 ABY, only a few months prior to the Yuuzhan Vong Invasion. Boba Fett has just chased down another bounty, a Rodian art dealer who Nom Anor arrives on the planet, again under the alias of Udelen. Anor plans to reveal his true nature to Fett as the location lies along the main invasion route.
Silent to the Bone is a first-person narrative by Connor Kane, a 13-year-old boy. Connor's best friend Branwell Zamborska was struck dumb and taken to the Juvenile Behavioral Center. Nikki suffered a head injury, he dialed 9-1-1 but did not speak, the au pair completed the phone call, and Branwell was blamed for dropping the baby.
Terri Jentz and Shayna Weiss are Yale students cycling across America in 1977. They are brutally attacked when a man runs over their tent with a pick-up truck and assaults them with an ax. Despite their injuries, both survive. JENTz returns to the area fifteen years later to investigate the crime even though the statute of limitations on attempted murder prevents her attacker's prosecution.
Richard Sharpe and Frederickson are arrested by military authorities in Bordeaux. They realize that only the evidence of the fort's French commander, Henri Lassan, will exonerate them. With help from Harper and Captain Peter d'Alembord, the two men escape and set out on the run.
The plot begins when Sir Percy, the Scarlet Pimpernel, reluctantly agrees to take Armand St. Just, brother of his wife, Marguerite, to France as part of a plan to rescue the young Dauphin. Percy warns Armand not to renew any friendships while in Paris, but it doesn't take long before Armand has renewed a friendship with the scheming Baron de Batz.
A young child awakes to hear a sound he describes as "a sound like someone trying not to make a sound" The child also tells his dad it sounds like a monster with no arms and legs that slides on its fur and pulls itself along on its teeth. It turns out to be mice in the walls and the child is comforted by his parent.
The novel retells the story of Anthony "Buck" Rogers, a top pilot who is mortally wounded in a Fokker plane crash. Rogers is placed into suspended animation at Cyberdyne Systems, in the hopes that at some point in the future new technologies will render his injuries survivable. As with the original Buck Rogers story, the pilot must adjust to life in the 25th Century.
The glorious Roman Empire has ruled for nearly twenty-seven centuries when Marcus Americanius Scriptor acquires a strange bracelet from a mysterious stranger. With this bracelet, he finds he is able to travel to alternate Romes, worlds where the course of history has diverged from that with which he is familiar. And further out, there is no Roman Empire at all, and a cruel new regime in Germania is on a path of conquest.
When Thorvald turns 18, his mother Margaret decides to tell her son the truth about his father's identity. Upon learning that Somerled was his father, ThorVald decided to find the man. Unbeknown to the two boys, Creidhe stows aboard. When the boat becomes damaged, they land on the lost isle of the Isle of Storms.
Emile Khadaji is an ex-soldier formerly in the service of the "Confed" The Confed has grown large and old, and uses its powerful military to brutally suppress any resistance and to colonialize further worlds. He falls in love with an "exotic" albino-exotic is the term Perry uses for descendants of humans genetically engineered to be sexually attractive.
The novel takes place seven hundred years after Nazism achieved power, by which time Adolf Hitler is worshipped as a god. The story concentrates on the oppression of women, portraying the Nazis as homosexual misogynists. Christians are marginalized, Jews eliminated, and women disenfranchised - deprived of all rights.
The story takes place in 1814-15, centers around an alternate historical version of the War of 1812. The point of divergence is at the Battle of Horseshoe Bend, where Sam Houston, who was seriously injured in real history, sustains only a minor injury. This leads to many changes down the line, culminating in the formation of the Confederacy of the Arkansas.
The plot of the story surrounds several homicides and the relationship between Jim Chee and Janet Pete. Chee is still in training to become a HataBii when he is assigned to work directly for Joe Leaphorn to solve the murder of a teacher killed at a mission.
Beverly Hills High's Prom this year is being given by two B-List wannabes, Jasmine-Jazz and Ophelia-Fee. Adam discovers a shocking secret about Cammie's mom, one that will shake both her and her friend, Sam.
The book begins with the main character Laurel Hand who travels to New Orleans from her home in Chicago to assist her aging father. During this time, Laurel begins to get to know her outsider stepmother better, as she rarely visited her father since the two were married. Fay begins to show her true colors as the Judge's condition worsens. To the distress of all who knew him, the Judge dies after his wife throws a violently emotional fit in the hospital and confesses to cheating and interest in his money.
Chronologically, it occurs between chapters 1 and 2 of the Robert E. Howard Conan story "Queen of the Black Coast" It details the involvement of Conan and his lover, the pirate Belit, in a rebellion of an eastern province of the kingdom of Stygia.
The novel features Conan during his buccaneering days. He becomes involved in thwarting a plot to take over the turbulent kingdom of Zingara. At the end of the story he himself has the opportunity to take the Zingaran throne, but uncharacteristically turns it down.
A young Conan finds himself involved in plots against the throne of Khauran. Conan agrees to work as her bodyguard in return for his soul being freed from the mirror it has been trapped in since Conan's encounter with Hissar Zul. Conan's soul can only be freed by one of noble birth, and Khashtris convinced Conan that her sister, Queen Ialamis, will free him.
Benjamin Chase is a retired war hero living in an attic apartment. He is struggling with a drinking habit. One night he rescues a young woman from an obsessed killer. As a result, the killer has changed his target to Chase. He begins phoning Chase and warning that he is out for revenge.
Richard Tull was a promising writer with a seemingly bright future. He finds himself depressed writing book reviews and running a vanity press. To his chagrin, Gwyn Barry has written a phenomenally successful novel. Tull, increasingly envious, begins to manufacture ways of bringing Barry down.
The Night of Kadar tells the story of a crew of interplanetary colonists. An interesting distinction of this novel is in the religion of the crew: they are Moslems. The novel's conclusion might be considered a deus ex machina. All human striving turns out to be nothing but a puppet show for superior beings, our very existence absurd.
Carl is forced to defend a young girl from the harassment of a group of men. For his efforts, Carl is violently attacked and falls into a coma. When he awakes, he quickly discovers that his seemingly normal world is very peculiar. The film is based on the book "The Secret Life of Carl Gershwin"
Fourth Mansions was inspired by Teresa of Ávila's Interior Castle. The Interior Castle is a metaphor for an individual's soul. In the middle of the Castle the soul is in the purest state, which equals Heaven. The novel concerns a time of great change, when four forces - in the form of secret societies - contend to control the next phase of humanity's history.
WWE Chairman Vince McMahon meets with old aide Phil Thomson, a government official. Thomson proposes to Vince the creation of a covert group consisting of McMahon's most refined wrestlers. McMahon accepts the deal, and recruits John Cena, Triple H, Dave Batista, Chavo Guerrero, Torrie Wilson, and finally himself as leader.
The story is about a portly kid named Leonard Neeble moving from his old neighborhood to West Kangaroo Park, Hogboro. Leonard's torment results in his grades falling off. Leonard eventually decides to throw a party at the Bermuda Triangle Chili Parlour. He meets Samuel Klugarsh.
Wren to the Rescue is the second book in the Wren series. It is the story of an orphan girl who learns her best friend and purportedly fellow-orphan Tess, is in fact Teresa Rhisadel, princess and sole heiress of the neighbouring country of Meldrith. Tess proceeds to reveal her reason for remaining in hiding these many years: a curse.
The book chronicles the first few years of West's struggle to accept and heal from his disorder. West describes a system of 24 different personalities that emerge one by one. The presence of personalities is tied to flashbacks West experiences in which he is molested by his mother and grandmother as well as one or more unidentified male perpetrators.
Princess Taramis of Shadizar promises to bring Conan's lost love Valeria back to life if the Cimmerian will procure two magical items that she hopes will gain her ultimate power. He undertakes the quest together with his thief partner Malak and Taram is' niece Jehnna and henchman Bombaata.
Power is an 80- chapter paperback and also exists as a full-length screenplay. In the story, a 12-year-old boy from New York named Daniel Chang wakes one night to what he thinks is a clap of thunder. Some days later he is possessed of superhuman abilities of nearly god-like proportions.
The Enterprise is called to a remote bio-research lab on planet Tanis. Tanis was an illegal biological warfare lab, run by a secret faction within Starfleet. The story also focuses on a security officer, Stanger, who becomes infected after an attack by Dr. Adams.
In the first installment, Nikola Tesla, Mark Twain and Houdini pursue Martian agents who have stolen a powerful crystal from Tesla at the 1893 Columbia Exposition in Chicago. Along for the ride aboard Tesla's airship are other historical figures, reporters Lillie West and George Ade, as well as Kolman Czito, Tesla's assistant.
The story is about a young girl living in extreme poverty in Saint Petersburg. She ends up an orphan and is adopted by a wealthy upper-class family. When she meets her new stepsister, Katya, she becomes infatuated with her. The story ends abruptly before the two girls reunite.
The novel begins with a quote from the Anabasis. Throughout the novel, the character Junior reads a comic book version of the story. Gangs from all over the city, signaled by a Beatles song on the radio, head to the meeting place at Van Cortlandt Park in the Bronx.
Jan is the son of the prince of the unicorns. He is swept by the ocean to a foreign land while Tek, pregnant with their offspring, flees from Jan's father to the protection of her hermit mother. As he tries to find his way back to his herd, Jan begins to understand his role as the new prince.
Mayre Griffiths, nicknamed Trot, is a little girl who lives on the coast of southern California. Her father is the captain of a sailing schooner, and her constant companion is Cap'n Bill Weedles, a retired sailor with a wooden leg. One day, Trot wishes that she could see a mermaid; her wish is overheard, and granted the next day.
Lena is taking an extra painting class in the summer at RISD and becomes interested in the anonymous painter who comes in late on the first day. Tibby is overjoyed when her long-term boyfriend, Brian, tells her that he has successfully transferred to her college and will join her in the fall. Bridget is upset to learn that her boyfriend, Eric, has taken a job as a coach at a summer camp in Mexico.
The book details the life of Fallion and his rise to power. When the Earth King, Gaborn val Orden dies, the nations mobilize to destroy his children. Fallion, his brother, Jaz, and Rhianna, a girl they rescued from monsters called strengi-saats, flee with their mother.
The story is set in Amity, a fictional seaside resort town on Long Island, New York. A tourist named Chrissie Watkins swims out in the open waters where she is attacked and killed by a great white shark. A local fisherman, Ben Gardner, is sent out to kill the shark, but disappears out on the water. A few days later, the shark kills a young boy and an old man not far from the shore.
Alex Cross returns for the sixth book in the series with a new killer on the loose. A series of meticulously planned bank robberies leave behind a wake of bodies. Alex Cross must not only battle against the sadistic criminal who calls himself The Mastermind, but also the risks that he may be putting his family in.
Willie Somerset Chandran is the son of a Brahmin father and a Dalit mother. His father gave him his middle name as a homage to the English writer Somerset Maugham. Having come to despise his father, Willie leaves India to go to London to study. There he leads a life as a poor immigrant and later he writes a book of short stories.
One of the main characters, Tom, is playing an early morning baseball game with his friends. He doesn't know that one of his classmates -- Jane Hennessey -- is going to play. He desperately tries to strike her out by hitting the ball. It lands towards the Grrlzillas and it rolls under Margaret's skirt. The chemistry between him and Emma is now really not good.
Freddie Montgomery is the unreliable narrator who tells his life-story. He recounts the events leading up to his arrest for the murder of a servant girl. Freddie returns to his ancestral home seeking money after falling foul of a gangster. This leads to a tragic series of events culminating in Freddie's killing of a maid while stealing a painting.
Trot meets Button Bright and Cap'n Bill on a trip to Sky Island. Sky Island is another split-color country in Baum's fantasy universe. The bipartite structure of Sky Island allows Baum to inject ironic and satiric commentary on xenophobia, isolationism, race and color prejudice, social biases, personal vanity, and related issues.
Jasmine Callihan is a 17-year-old girl on vacation in Las Vegas with her family. She is spending her vacation trying to avoid her cousin Alyson and her "Evil Hench Twin" Veronique. Along the way, she gets to know the 'cute guy across the pool', who may or may not be involved with the murder.
Steve Austin is an operative for the US government who is part man, part machine. He is sent to Peru to investigate a mysterious power source in the ruins of an ancient civilization. Austin and his team soon discover that a criminal organization also has their sights set on obtaining the power contained within the "High Crystal"
In Cyborg IV, Caidin takes the notion of cyborg to new extremes. Steve Austin's consciousness is hooked up to a next generation spacecraft. Meanwhile, an enemy force plans to use similar technology for their own ends. The film is expected to be released in the UK on September 14.
The novel takes place on a future Earth recently conquered by aliens from Ganymede. The 'Neeg-parts' led by Black Muslim leader Percy X. Another resistance movement operates covertly under cover of the World Psychiatric Association. Dr. Rivers is sent to kill Percy X, both to prevent his capture and stop him activating the hell-weapon.
Cowperwood, still married to his estranged wife Aileen, lives with Berenice. He decides to move to London, England, where he intends to take over and develop the underground railway system. He tries to fix Aileen up with Tollifer, but she becomes enraged when she finds out it was a ruse. Aileen dies shortly after.
Frank Cowperwood, whose father is a banker, makes his first money by buying cheap soaps on the market and selling them back with profit to a grocer. He also marries an affluent widow, in spite of his young age. Over the years, he starts misusing municipal funds with the aid of the City Treasurer. In 1871, the Great Chicago Fire redounds to a stock market crash, prompting him to be bankrupt and exposed.
Narrated by the disembodied spirit or consciousness of Pilgermann, a European Jew. The novel opens with the newly castrated Pilgerman having a vision of Christ after being mutilated by a gentile mob. Christ tells him that he must make his way to Jerusalem where he will meet with Sophia. Half way across the Mediterranean his boat is ambushed by Pirates who sell him to a Muslim grandee in Antioch.
Jody Baxter lives with his parents, Ory and Ezra "Penny" Baxter, in the animal-filled central Florida backwoods at the end of the 19th Century. The story revolves around the life of Jody as he grows to adolescence along with the fawn. The plot also centers on the conflicts of the young boy as he struggles with strained relationships, hunger, death and the capriciousness of nature through a catastrophic flood.
Farthing Wood has been reduced to little more than a copse by humans. Badger and Fox call an Assembly of the wood's inhabitants to devise a solution. The animals are forced to cross a busy road, a housing estate and an army land. Vixen is pursued by a fox hunt and tries to lose them in some woods.
L. Frank Baum adapted material from the novel into Prince Marvel, a short play for children printed in 1910 in L. FrankBaum's Juvenile Speaker. The fairy, bored with centuries of insipid fairy life, begs to be changed into a mortal. The newly-minted male is dubbed Prince Marvel.
Julian is locked up in the car port, while his father, stepmother, and four siblings live a pleasant life in the house. Julian spends his time writing notes to his deceased mother. After starting at a new school, Julian makes a friend, meets a loving teacher, and finds a job.
Original Stories narrates the re-education of two young girls by a wise and benevolent maternal figure, Mrs. Mason. Although the text emphasizes the girls' moral progress, the reader learns very little about the girls themselves. Original Stories is primarily about leaving the imperfections of childhood behind and becoming a rational and charitable adult. It does not romanticize childhood as an innocent and ideal state of being.
The book opens with Major Malich, a Captain at the time, leading a Special Forces team in a town of some unknown country. Malich is ordered to retrieve his operations report created at the Pentagon. While there, his trusted secretary, DeeNee, betrays him, shooting him in the eye and killing him before his Secret Service escorts could react. The book ends with Cecily and Coleman, to whom she reveals her suspicions.
The Immaculate Conception has been described as echoing "the writing of Edgar Allan Poe and Fyodor Dostoevsky" Set in the mid-1920s in the isolated, working-class parish of Nativité in East-end Montreal, the novel chronicles the aftermath of a deadly fire.
The novel is a fictitious autobiography narrated by Birdwell centering on her experiences as the first woman to play professional hockey in the NHL. It is in some ways similar to DeLillo's second novel, the football-themed End Zone, though more humorous and smaller in scale, replete with social satire and comedy.
The book begins with two of the chief characters, Celia Jordan and her husband, on a flight home to the US. The action then goes back some 40 years to when Celia, unmarried, was a drug sales rep for a Celia quickly turns out to be someone who knows what she wants and gets it. After the suicide of Sam, the board typically refuse to appoint her to the top job. Celia then becomes president.
Gone-Away Lake opens on a train traveling through the countryside of western New York state. Ten-year-old Portia Blake and her brother Foster discover an abandoned Victorian resort community next to a bog. Elderly siblings Mr. Payton and Mrs. Cheever, the town's only remaining inhabitants, soon become friends with the children, who set up a club in one of the empty houses.
Bruce Wayne meets Debra Kane, a caseworker with Child Protective Services. She shows him the varying degrees of child abuse she encounters in the course of her job. Wayne, as Batman, breaks into Hellgate Prison and talks with an informant who points him to a child pornography and prostitution ring. Wayne finds a connection to a southeast Asian country named Udon Khai.
The novel follows the correspondence between students from two rival schools. Cassie Aganovic, Emily Thompson and Lydia Jaackson-Oberman attend the prestigious, private Ashbury High. Matthew Dunlop, Charlie Taylor, and Charlie and Emily go on "practice dates" to help Charlie date the girl of his dreams.
Queen Etheldredda is as awful in death as she was in life, and she's still up to no good. Her diabolical plan to give herself everlasting life requires Jenna's compliance, Septimus's disappearance, and the talents of her son, Marcellus Pye.
Martin Beck investigates the murder of a woman in Anderslöv in Southern Sweden. He begins by looking at the murderer he put away in "Roseanna" Malm leads a manhunt for the surviving partner of a teenage criminal who killed a policeman during a gunfight.
Main plot of the book involves Martin Beck leading a team of policemen to prevent a presumed terrorist attack on a highly unpopular American senator. The attack is led by terrorist Reinhard Heydt, born by a Danish mother in Pietermaritzburg, South Africa. The story opens with a trial where an eighteen-year old woman is accused of a bank robbery she never intended to commit.
International politics deal with events at both the sub- and supra-national levels. "Reductionist" theories explain "the behavior of parts" "It is not possible to understand world politics simply by looking inside of states" Every state has the same fundamental interest: to survive.
The novel details the attempts of two of the priest-clans, the Kaiel and the Mnankrei, to expand into territory controlled by the Stgal. Ultimately, all the priest clans are trying to attain dominance of the planet through the use of new technology, propaganda, treachery, and "war"
A wealthy young English gentleman, Louis Trevelyan, visits the fictional Mandarin Islands, a distant British possession. He becomes smitten with Emily Rowley, the eldest daughter of the governor, Sir Marmaduke Rowley. The Nora attracts two admirers, the wealthy Charles Glascock and Hugh Stanbury.
The story is set aboard the Sky pirate ship The Galerider. Wind Jackal wants revenge against his previous quartermaster, Turbot Smeal, for burning down the Western Quays in Undertown. The Leagues of Undertown begin making preparations for war with the sky pirates. The Climax comes when the Leagues launch the Bringer of Doom.
A summary of Edward Bloor's novel Tangerine, about a boy who discovers that his brother steals and murders. A sinkhole collapses while Paul is at his school. Throughout the story, houses in Joey's neighborhood have to be put under blue tents and sprayed with poison to kill them.
Dr. Vance, who grew up poor in Blairtown, returns there from Pittsburgh, where he runs a clinic for the underprivileged. He shares a taxi with wealthy Emily Blair, a snobbish rich girl he never liked while growing up together, but she has since contracted meningitis and is deaf. Emily agrees to an experimental treatment. It causes Emily to go into a coma, but ultimately her hearing returns.
After the death of his mother, Jacob Lansa embarks on a journey across the globe to Kenya, to find his father. On his journey he meets a Maasai named Supeet whose goal is to bring the long rains. He believes that Jacob is in Kenya for other reasons, which bides true after an accident that could end the chance.
The novel is primarily set in Greenwich Village, and is thoroughly saturated with psychedelic and 1960s counterculture elements. The book's title refers to a character, Sean, who is able to spontaneously produce butterflies of all shapes, sizes, and colors after taking a "Reality Pill" The use of psychoactive drugs and their effects are a central element of the story.
Kurj has to deal not only with the shocking sudden death of Soz, whom he imagined as his successor, but also with the political intrigues of the Eubian emperor Ur Qox. Soz hides her children on Earth in the custody of former family member Seth Rockworth and returns to Skolia to assume her rightful position as the new Imperator.
The novel is narrated by Billy Bartholomew, the best friend of the protagonist, Eddie Proffit. Eddie struggles not only with Billy's recent death, but that of his father as well. An intelligent boy who is seemingly afflicted with ADHD, Eddie cannot stop talking until he is confronted with these two sudden deaths. The only way he can cope with these tragedies, then, is to stop talking entirely.
The planet Foxfield is inhabited by people who left Earth on the brink of a nuclear war. After a century on their new planet, the inhabitants are contacted by people from Earth. Foxfielders are members of the Society of Friends, or Quakers, who have kept their faith while dwelling on a rather inhospitable planet.
The chapters of the book have the years of the events for their titles. Alexander the Great dies in Babylon. Perdikkas seeks to be appointed as Regent for the king's yet-unborn heir. The dispute threatens to become a civil war. Roxane murders the daughters of Darius and their unborn children.
 Wheelers chronicles mankind's first contact with an alien intelligence. Two of the novel's central characters work in the year 2194 to interpret and preserve artefacts. Her smuggling career culminates with the discovery of a trove of buried, wheeled, and presumably alien artefacts on Callisto.
The story take place about a century after an apocalypse. It includes "neomages", a new race of beings that arose during the time of the apocalypse. They live in an area known as the Enclave, which is both a prison and sanctuary. Thorn St. Croix is a neomage in exile from theEnclave. She is telepathic, and she constantly hears the thoughts of the other mages.
The play takes place partly in Budapest, Hungary, and partly in Heaven. The story concerns Liliom, a tough, cocky carousel barker who falls in love with Julie, a young woman who works as a maid. A contrasting subplot involves Julie's best friend, Marie, and Wolf Beifeld, a rather pompous hotel porter.
Goody Two-Shoes is a variation of the Cinderella story. The fable tells of a poor orphan girl named Margery Meanwell, who goes through life with only one shoe. When she is given a complete pair by a rich gentleman, she is so happy that she tells everyone that she has "two shoes"
Commissioner Nils Hansen is sent by the Consensus to investigate the missing planet of Northworld. Hansen first arrives in Diamond, a peaceful world that forbids weapons of any kind. Hansen is originally ignored by the battling warriors and left for the slaves to kill and take what they want from him. Hansen learns the customs of the society and he teaches the warriors how to fight in teams.
Jansen lived with the inhabitants of an underground network of colonies who, Emerson writes, were 12 feet tall and whose world was lit by a "smoky" central sun. Their capital city was said to be the original Garden of Eden. Later works by other authors, such as Agartha - Secrets of the Subterranean Cities, have identified the civilization Jansen encountered.
The story follows a group of Terrans called CounterAction. They are forced to fight for their freedom after a flyer is shot down. Many Hyadeans pledge their support and Terrans are given courage to fight. The struggle stops being an Earth vs Hyadean battle when a third party comes to their aid.
Audrina Adare lives with her father Damian,who has a strange past, mother Lucietta, aunt Ellsbeth and cousin Vera. Audrina was gang-raped in the woods. The rape left her so traumatized that she attempted suicide. Damian subjected her to electro-convulsive therapy, trying to erase the memory of the rape.
The book focuses on Fitzwilliam Darcy's initial visit to Hertfordshire during the opening chapters of Pride and Prejudice, as seen from his viewpoint. The book begins as he arrives in the town of Meryton, to stay at Charles Bingley's estate of Netherfield. Darcy comes to admire Elizabeth's lively spirit, generous nature and confident refusal to be cowed by her social 'betters'
The format of the novel is essentially that of a bildungsroman. Barnabas Barty is the son of John Barty, the former champion boxer of England. Farnol ploughs an uncomfortably dualistic furrow vis-á-vis his protagonist.
The novel opens with "A Word About Oar", a brief recap of the earlier story. Festina left the apparently deceased Oar lying in one of the Towers of Ancestors on her planet. Unorr has been sent to gather evidence before representatives of the Outward Fleet can arrive to destroy or conceal it.
Only three divers agreed to create the Temple as a monument to the lost diver community. Former diver Leonid is a virtual mover. His relationship with his wife Vicka is strained. Unlike Leonid, Vicka managed to let go of Deeptown. Only Dick's entrance exists, but it can only be accessed from the last level of the "Labyrinth"
The book begins where Roses are Red ended, with Dr. Alex Cross at the home of murdered FBI Agent Betsey Cavalierre. Alex is called to San Francisco to meet Inspector Jamilla Hughes. She tells him about two murders in San Alex and Jamilla are given a mission from a person called The Sire.
The story begins with Thaniel Fox hunting Wych-kin in the abandoned regions of London. During the chase he is attacked by a girl, same age as him, in a confused state. Thaniel and Cathaline flee to an area called the crooked lanes where Thaniel has a friend called Crott, a beggar Lord. The killer Stitch-Face strikes again, Ms Marey Woolbury who is a prostitute.
The play is set in a small Texas jail. There are two major characters, Photo-Finish and Emily, whom Saroyan refers to simply as "A Young Man" and "A Girl" Photo- finish is a down on his luck gambler and ends up in jail in a hole-in-the-wall town as a result of a married harlot crying rape when he refused to pay her after having sex with her. There he meets Emily, an unhappy cook, and it is love at first sight.
Kävik, a malamute sled dog, gets sold from Charlie One-eye to Mr. Hunter for $2,000 after winning the North American Sled-dog race. In the middle of the trip, something goes wrong and the plane crashes into the ground, killing pilot Smiley Johnson before he even has time to undo his seatbelt. After being trapped in a cage for three days while starving, freezing, and getting multiple wounds from neighboring animals, Kävik is found by young Andy Evans.
Hume argues that there is a common mechanism in human nature that gives rise to, and often even provides justification for, such judgments. He takes this aesthetic sense to be quite similar to the moral sense for which he argues in his Book 3 of A Treatise of Human Nature and in An Enquiry Concerning the Principles of Morals.
The novel is set in the small-time boxing circuit of Stockton, California in the late 1950s. It concerns the revival of a semi-retired Billy Tully's career and the first fights of a novice, Ernie Munger. Tully entertains the idea of returning to the ring in a bid to reclaim his self-respect and possibly his ex-wife.
Gunnar Kaufman is a young boy growing up in Santa Monica, California. He is an outcast in Hillside because of his lack of dancing talent and unease with women. Gunnar meets Nicholas Scoby when he is paired with the "thuggish boy" in a reading of William Shakespeare's Othe
The God-like hothouse owner removes the dandelions. The native flowers, who remain silent for fear of appearing intolerant, begin to wither. When the original dandelion sends in more seeds the native hoth house flowers use their roots and stems to push the seeds to the bottom.
The story begins with a U.S. Navy submarine, the , on a mission to spy on the new Chinese nuclear missile submarine. The mission is successful until the submarine's second-in-command, the president's son Linus Clark makes a fatal error, and the submarine collides with a sonar array from a Chinese ship. The crew is imprisoned and tortured while the Chinese begin to strip the captured submarine for its secrets. Desperately, Arnold Morgan, the National Security Advisor, plans to get the crew back.
The book tells the story of Miles Flint, a surveillance officer who works for MI5. After two high profile operations involving Flint are compromised with deadly consequences. He is sent to Belfast to witness what he believes is going to be the arrest of some Provisional Irish Republican Army men. However, after accompanying the security forces on their mission, he discovers that what has actually been planned is the assassination of the Irishmen.
Anton Gorodetsky is sent to assist the Scottish Night Watch in Edinburgh in a murder investigation. A young Russian man has been murdered in a "Vampire Castle", a tourist attraction. Someone tries to attack Anton using remote controlled Merlin. Merlin has hidden the Crown of All Things in the seventh level of the Twilight.
Will is an unpopular ruler due to the fact of his lack of skill in battle. He is told to go undercover as a jongleur and gather information in Norgate, a northern fief. Alyss was undercover as Lady Gwendolyn, a pompous and superficial woman on her way to her fiance's castle.
Flavia is moved to pity when she sees some recently-disembarked slaves on the way to the market. A young boy, treed by the wild pack, is rescued by Mordecai. Lupus overhears a conversation between gamblers about treasure at Marcus Geminus's house.
In his will, the Conselheiro has recognized a natural daughter, previously unknown to both Éstacio and his aunt Dona Úrsula. The daughter, Helena, arrives to a mixed reception. Well into the novel it is revealed that Helena has been guarding a secret, one which seems to be related to a house nearby.
Pulp is a pulp fiction novel which acts also as a meta-pulp. Bukowski dedicates the story to "bad writing", as he did not plan his mystery novel well. The novel evokes Raymond Chandler, Dashiell Hammett and Casablanca's main character Rick Blaine.
Marcus Novius Faustus Leo is the teenage nephew of the emperor. His father Leo and his mother were murdered by a conspiracy concerned about Leo's ambition to abolish slavery. Varius arranges for Marcus to flee to a hidden refuge in Spain, run by Delir, an anti-slavery activist and secret ally of Leo.
Somerset Maugham uses a third-person - limited, point-of-view in this story, where Kitty is the Focal character. Kitty Garstin, a very pretty upper-middle class debutante, is married to Walter, a cuckolded bacteriologist. Walter confronts Kitty with an ultimatum: She must either accompany him to the Chinese interior to deal with a cholera epidemic, risking death, or he will.
A high school girl grows suspicious when a report of hers appears in mirror writing. She tries to use her access to the higher dimension to impress Pete, a popular boy she wants to go to the school dance with. When she brings Pete into four-space, they lose their way and end up as the captives of four-dimensional creatures.
The story is set in 1940 and concerns Untersturmführer Martin Krebbs, a young and recently commissioned SS officer. He is sent to Huis Doorn to guard the exiled Kaiser Wilhelm II as the German Army advances into the Netherlands. While there he meets and falls for Akki, an undercover British agent posing as a maid.
Honey Santana becomes irritated by telemarketers and invites a particularly obnoxious one to a phony real estate promotion. Boyd Shreave and his reluctant mistress Eugenie Fonda make their way from Texas to Dismal Key in Florida with Honey. Honey is unaware that she is being stalked by Louis Piejack, Honey's perverted and disfigured ex-employer.
Lirazel is the daughter of the King of Elfland. She marries Alveric, the son of the lord of Erl. The couple have a son. Lirazel becomes lonesome for her mortal husband and son. Seeing that she is unhappy, the King uses a powerful magic to engulf the land ofErl. Erl is transformed into a part ofElfland, and the couple are reunited.
In Spain, during its Golden Age, a lord wishes to marry his daughter to a neighbor, but has no money for her dowry. He sends his son Ramon to a nearby magician who had befriended his father, in hopes that the son would learn to turn lead to gold. An old charwoman without a shadow works for the magician. The magician persuades him to trade his shadow for the knowledge, and gives him a substitute.
Saul is an old man living with a group of outlaws who will dispose of him once he has outlived his usefulness to them. He begins to tell the tale of his life, and in particular his marriage to Sarah. Their marriage is initially a good one, but as the climate changes begin to impact on the surrounding environment, the couple start to cool towards each other. Sarah eventually leaves Saul, becomes a political activist, then finally tries to turn their son, Luke, against him.
The story is essentially about Jimmy's new found faith, and the reaction of his immediate family to this. It is told from three points of view - those of Jimmy, his wife Liz, and their daughter Anne Marie. The book takes a mostly light hearted look at what might happen when two vastly opposing worlds and ways of life come into contact.
The book's central character is a medium named Alison Hart. She is deeply traumatised by memories and ghosts from her childhood. She spends much of the story trying to exorcise her demons. By the end she is ultimately able to overcome them. The book is published by Hodder & Stoughton at £16.99.
The book tells the story of a relationship that develops between Henry Kent and Daisy Langrishe. Henry is a sociopath and fantasist who preys on lonely rich women. Daisy is an ageing novelist with two broken marriages behind her. When Daisy's family and friends learn about the nature of the relationship, they become concerned and start to investigate Henry.
The story takes place in 1854-1855. When the novel begins, Hélène has been widowed 18 months. Her husband Charles Grandjean fell ill the day after they arrived from Marseilles. On the night the novel opens, Jeanne has fallen ill with a violent seizure.
Spark is the story of Dougal Douglas, a Scottish migrant living in Peckham. Dougal is employed to bridge the gap between industry and the arts. Throughout his stay in the area, Dougal carries out "human research" on the "moral character" of the people of the area.
The book is divided into twelve chapters: one chapter for each day of the storm's existence. The storm's beneficial effects include averting a locust plague and ending a drought. Its harmful effects include flooding a valley near Sacramento, endangering a plane, stalling a train, and leading to the deaths of 16 people.
Pierre and Jean are the sons of Gérôme Roland, a jeweller who has retired to Le Havre, and his wife Louise. It recounts the story of a middle-class French family whose lives are changed when Léon Maréchal, a deceased family friend, leaves his inheritance to Jean.
Young Katherine has not seen her mother Julie in three years, since the latter was in an accident that ended her career as a pianist. Katherine has been studying piano herself, doing a little professional acting, and living with "Aunt Manya", a family friend known to the rest of the world as Madame Sergeivna, a famous actress on the Broadway stage. When she is ten, Katherine is reunited with Julie, and lives with her until Julie's premature death four years later.
Ruddiman cites various researchers in geology and astronomy who pioneered the understanding of earth's climate as a function of its orbit. Ruddiman's central argument is that this most recent interglacial period has deviated from the natural cycle because of human activities, most importantly farming. He also attributes the rise of methane gas in the atmosphere to human related activities.
Hoochie and his party visit Lenus City and solve affairs with the city's arena. They meet Edhelin, a troll priestess, and find out that the crisis is caused by Sacred Land. Djipen agents are behind the curse, which was a military experiment for the current war.
Joe Leland, a private detective, begins investigating a case for the recently widowed Norma MacIver. Norma requests that Leland find out everything he can about her deceased husband. As Leland's investigation deepens he uncovers evidence of corruption and murder.
Aurélia Camargo fell in love with Fernando Seixas, an ambitious man, who she had been engaged to. Fernando ended the relationship, wanting to marry a rich lady, Adelaide Amaral. Torn between love and her hurt pride, she puts her uncle Lemos in charge of a negotiation to offer Fernando a large amount of money to marry her.
The story concerns a small native boy from the Caribbean coast of Costa Rica, who meets a blonde tourist girl who gives him a rose. In return, she asks for a squirrel monkey. Smitten, he fulfills his promise by setting a trap made out of rice and a coconut, but when he returns to where he had seen her, the boat she had come in was gone.
A female archaeologist discovers an ancient skeleton of a man and an Aramaic inscription which reads Melek Yehudayai. The Israel government invite Vatican to investigate the matter, as they suspect the body could be that of Jesus Christ. When one of the renowned archaeologist-priests of Vatican committed suicide, former soldier and Catholic priest Jim Folan is assigned to continue the investigation.
The book is yet again a continuation of Severian's narration of the aftermath of his ascent to the throne and subsequent journey "between the suns" to be judged and win back the fountain of life that will rejuvenate the slowly dying sun and revive life on earth. Unlike the four part novel of the Book of the New Sun, the book mostly takes place outside Urth.
The novel expresses the frustration many citizens of the newly-independent states in Africa felt after attaining political independence. Many African states like Ghana followed similar paths in which corruption and the greed of African elites became rampant. The action takes place between 1965's Passion Week and February 25, 1966 - the day after the overthrow of Kwame Nkrumah, Ghana's first president.
Mam'zelle Guillotine follows Gabrielle Damiens, the daughter of Francois Damiens. Damiens was arrested for attacking the King of France with a pocket knife. At age 16, Gabrielle finds letters written by her father which prove that his crime had been instigated by a body of noble gentlemen.
British antique dealer Paul Hussey and his American wife Belinda travel to Leningrad for a holiday but with a suitcase of drilon dresses. Hussey has various sexual adventures - with both men and women - and seeks to secure the freedom of a descendant of a dissident composer.
Damia is told mainly from the point of view of Afra Lyon, the Rowan's assistant. Lyon later realizes that he has fallen in love with his young ward, which gives him rather conflicted feelings. In the end, the two wind up defending humanity against an even more dangerous alien enemy.
A tale of bonding sisterhood, this novel is set in Syai, an imaginary Chinese kingdom. Jin-shei is a pledge given by one woman to another, and once accepted can never be broken. Through jin-ashu, a unique language passed on from generation to generation, the lives within the sisterhood continue to intertwine throughout time.
"Description of a Struggle" is one of Kafka's longer minor works and is divided into three chapters. The first chapter is narrated by a young man attending a party and tells of his "acquaintance" that he meets there. In the third chapter, the narrator returns to reality, so to speak, and continues his walk up the Laurenziberg in winter.
Aulus is playing truant in Greece where, instead of studying law, he is investigating the death of Valeria Ventidia, a newly married Roman girl at Olympia. Falco and his wife, Helena, travel to Greece to meet up with the tour party which included one of the women, seeking clues to her murder.
The novel opens in Paris, early in the morning, as eleven-year-old Henrietta Mountjoy, accompanied by Miss Naomi Fisher. A good portion of the narrative focuses on Ray's conflicting feelings about Leopold, his marriage to Karen, the child's inescapable presence in their shared life, and Ray's own situational obligations.
A young man named Hunter works as a cool hunter, finding and selling new trends. His latest find is Jen, an honest-to-goodness 'Innovator' whom he spots based on her unique shoelaces. Together they are drawn into a mystery when one of Hunter's bosses disappears after she runs a 'cool tasting' for a new brand of shoe.
Cleve Pell is sent to Korea to replace an ace fighter pilot killed in action. He finds a dreary, impoverished country made drearier by military bureaucracy. Cleve meets pilots he knew in Panama, just after Cleve begins flying missions as Desmond's wingman. They encounter MiGs in large numbers on one mission.
Go is about Paul Hobbes' struggle to maintain his marriage to his wife, Kathryn, while indulging in the world of the 1940s and 1950s Beat Generation. It follows the complications of interpersonal relationships arising from a group of disillusioned and often eccentric young people. Holmes has said that the only plot element entirely invented by himself is Kathryn's infidelity.
The play is about Robert Ffolliott, fiance of Arte O'Neil, who has returned to Ireland after escaping from transportation in Australia. At the play's onset, we are informed that Robert is a Fenian fugitive, but it soon becomes clear that he is no such thing. Robert escapes various melodramatic cliffhanger situations.
The Falcon's funeral is being held at Brompton Cemetery. Most of the suspects that appeared on Snape's chalkboard had arrived to 'grieve' for the Falcon. Nick spots the Falcon's wife, who pretends to mourn for Gott and Himmell kidnap Nick Naples' girlfriend Lauren Bacardi.
The story takes place in Cutter High School, which prides itself heavily on the physical achievements of its students. Many teachers there display favoritism toward star athletes, such as Mike Barbour, and turn a blind eye to the bullying that occurs. T.J. meets a little half-black girl named Heidi, who frequently abuses her and her mother, Alicia.
The novel features Washington D.C. Metro Police homicide detectives Alex Cross and John Sampson as protagonists. While investigating the wrongful conviction and execution of US Army Sergeant Ellis Cooper, Cross uncovers a series of Army personnel wrongfully convicted and executed. In the course of the investigation, Cross and Sampson discover that three Army Rangers had committed similar crimes during the Vietnam war.
Party attachment, like church preference, may be passed down from parent to child. People may tend to consciously or otherwise make the memory of their parent's partisanship conform to their own attachments. Once a Party ID is acquired from a person's parents the person spends the rest of his or her life adopting views and positions that create a reason for their party affiliation.
The story occurs in an unknown city and country, but almost certainly on Earth. All characters and few places mentioned have characteristically Greek names. Use of neither Russian nor English names may have been an attempt to put the novel outside of the ideological war, which was extremely active at the time.
The story begins with the simple trials and tribulations of everyday life experienced by John and Martha Sinnott. One night when John is away, Martha and Miles drunkenly have sex at Martha's house after a party at the Coes. Martha becomes pregnant soon after, and rather than having a baby whose paternity is ambiguous, she decides to have an abortion. The story ends with Martha dying in a car accident.
The book tells three basic stories, which take place between November of 1907 and late May of 1908. The first story is about Will and Eleanor Lightbody, a fan of Dr. Kellogg's sanitorium. The second is about Charlie Ossining, a man who gets into a cereal business scheme with a man named Bender. The third is about Kellogg himself and his growing irritation with his adopted son, George.
The novel follows the continuing adventures of Skua September, Ethan Fortune and Milliken Williams on Tran-Ky-Ky. They try to help the native race, the Tran, win admission to the Commonwealth. During their struggle they deal with corrupt Commonwealth officials and an insane Tran leader.
The book begins with a Soviet governor already securely ensconced in the White House. The reader is made to understand that the Soviet takeover was made possible because of widespread cultural malaise. The Soviets embark on blatantly anti-Semitic policies. They drive hundreds of thousands of American Jews into Israel. Small-time criminals soon turn into paid informers for the new regime.
A doctoral candidate pretends to be a housemaid working at 221B Baker Street. She believes she is there to observe the 25-year-old Sherlock Holmes, and document his methods at the beginning of his career. She soon learns she is operating under a serious misapprehension.
The book begins with a prologue about how Apoletta met Zebulah, her previous husband. She was the Steward of Istar at that time, guarding it from humans. While she secretly watches him, she was taken by his respectfulness, curiosity, and honesty towards the ruins.
The novel is set in the indeterminate future, sometime after the events that Butler would later describe in her novel Clay's Ark. At the time of Survivor, humanity is threatened by the "Clayark plague," an extraterrestrial disease that has destroyed half of the Earth's population. Although set within the broader plot of the Patternist series, the entire plot of Survivor is largely separated from the events of the other books in the series.
Todd Tinpot needs to win Superfrog to avoid being evicted from his home. However he has never trained or raced before. He gets some help from Boris at the gym but can never seem to do well in races. Sly's henchmen almost kill him in one of the races and, as this resulted in Todd missing three races, Todd got a free entry into Superfrog.
Mary is a novel about a young woman's life. The heroine's mother is obsessed with novels, rarely considers anyone but herself, and favours Mary's brother. When her brother dies, her mother finally takes an interest in her. However, Mary's mother soon sickens and requests on her deathbed that Mary wed Charles, a wealthy man she has never met.
The story takes place on a tropical island called Zenkali. The island seems to be populated by the most eccentric people who came there from all around the world. The two indigenous tribes, the Fangoua and the Ginka, used to worship a dolphin god. The Fangouas worshipped a strange avian, the Mockery Bird.
Detective Inspector Jack Frost has been assigned with the thankless task of investigating crimes. Fighting the stress and ignoring his mounting pile of paperwork, Frost soon finds himself up against the various manifestations of criminality. The murder of a local drug addict, the hunt for a serial rapist, a hit-and-run involving the spoiled son of an MP, and a robbery at a strip joint all have something in common.
The story starts before the French revolution. Paul Déroulède has offended the young Vicomte de Marny by speaking disrepctfully of his latest infatuation. The story picks up ten years later. Juliette overhears Juliette hides the letter box, then escapes to her room where she attempts to burn it. During her trial, The Scarlet Pimpernel and his comrades rescue the condemned couple.
The League of the Scarlet P Blanche is pursued by Louis Maurin, a young lawyer who is pro the revolution. De Batz is trying to persuade a Professor to take him to an Irish priest who remains loyal to the King. Will the treachery of Lord St John de Devinne be the final undoing of the Pimpernel? Will Chauvelin have his revenge at last?
The novel takes place in a country house somewhere in England, just before the Second World War. It is the day when the annual pageant is to be performed in the grounds of the house. The pageant is traditionally a celebration of English history, and is attended by the entire local community.
The novel chronicles the rise and fall of the romance between Bartley Hubbard and Marcia Gaylord. The reader believes at the beginning of the story that their love for each other is unbreakable. The novel explores the deterioration of what could have been an otherwise healthy marriage through industrial enterprise and capitalistic greed.
Pierre Adet, a young French peasant, is incensed at the unfair treatment of the local peasantry. His brother-in-law is about to be hanged for poaching two pigeons from the woods belonging to the Duc de Kernogan in Nantes. After months of planning Pierre leads a mob against the Duc against the advice of his father. In the ensuing scuffle, Adet assaults Yvonne.
French Agent and chief spy-catcher Chauvelin is determined to get his revenge for the previous humiliations dished out to him at the hands of the Scarlet Pimpernel. The plot is hatched at a gala on Richmond Green, with the help of a young French actress, Désirée Candielle.
The novel follows the heroine, Ann Vickers, from tomboy school girl in the late 19th Century American Midwest. It charts her post-graduate suffragist phase in the early 20th century. As a social worker in a settlement house in the First World War she has her first sexual love affair, becomes pregnant and has an abortion. Later, having become successful running a modern and progressive prison for women, she marries a dull man.
11-year-old Josie arrives in upstate New York to live with her great-aunt after her mother abandons her father for no apparent reason. There, she meets her cousin, Jared, who is studying to be a minister. He uses false affection to get her to self-mutilate herself, drink her own blood, look at pornographic material, and endure verbal abuse from him.
The plot of Prince Prigio begins with the introduction of a queen who does not believe in fairies. When the queen refused to invite the fairies to the christening, none of the nobles would attend. The prince grew up to be too clever. He would argue with everyone and knew better than everyone. He fell in love with Lady Rosalind, the daughter of the English Ambassador.
The story starts with the Tiger, all golden, without his stripes, singing. As tiger goes on his way he notices a bushfire approaching and goes back to the river to summon the other animals. However all three, Bunyip, Kanga and Great Bird all desert him. Tiger runs back and forth to the fire until the fire is extinguished but the Tiger has lost his voice.
Five of the 19 surviving Little Sisters of Hoboken, a one-time missionary order that ran a leper colony on an island south of France, discover that their cook, Sister Julia, Child of God, accidentally killed the other fifty-two residents of the convent with her tainted vichyssoise. Mother Superior had a vision in which she was told to start a greeting card company to raise funds for the burials.
The story is set in the mountains of Tibet in search of the mythical place called Shambhala. Among other things, the book touches on the concept of prayer energy and heaven and earth coming together. The book is published by Simon & Schuster at a cost of $24.99.
Detective Inspector Jack Frost is on the trail of a sensitive case. Tracy Uphill, an eight year old child, goes missing after attending Sunday school. It turns out her mother is a prostitute who couldn't meet her because she was with a client. There are many suspects and characters to trouble DI Frost's mind.
Dr Fu Manchu is a master poisoner and chemist, a cunning member of the Yellow Peril, the greatest genius which the powers of evil have put on the earth for centuries. He appears to be trying to capture and take back to China the best engineers of Europe, for some larger criminal purpose. He is pursued from the opium dens of Limehouse in the East End to various country estates.
The aging poet has been hired to write the libretto for a musical about William Shakespeare and relocates to the fictional Indiana town of Terrebasse. The co-star, in the Dark Lady role, is the lusciously black pop-diva April Elgar--and Enderby, consumed with lust, is soon tailoring the show to her non-Elizabethan talents.
Deucalion is a heroic figure dedicated to battling the evil that gave him life. The megalomaniacal Victor Helios has unleashed his engineered killers on modern-day New Orleans. Detectives Carson O'Connor and Michael Maddison are Deucalion's all-too-human partners.
Prince Vakar is sent on a quest to save Lorsk, principal kingdom of the sinking continent of Pusad. On his quest he encounters Amazons, a seductive queen who is under a spell, sorcerers who command legions of headless warriors, and the dangerous Gorgonians themselves.
The novel begins with a prologue in the voice of an old man, Charles de Cresseron. The centre of the novel is the Nutter is being tormented by Mary Matchwell/Mary Duncan. Aside from the main outline of the suspense plot, there are countless other characters and subplots.
The story opens with the revelation that Seattle, Washington is being plagued by a string of murders, which Edward suspects is caused by a new vampire. As Edward and Bella apply to colleges, Bella explains to Edward her desire to see her friend, Jacob Black, a werewolf. Alice Cullen has a vision that Victoria, a vampire who is hunting Bella for revenge, has returned to Forks.
The narrative starts when Sims Bancorp has lost the franchise to run a colony on the unnamed planet after 40 years. The colonists are told that they are to be forcibly relocated to another colony. Ofelia is a "Nest Guardian" I.E. one who is too old to breed, and so devotes her time to caring for the young of others.
Moominmamma and Moomintroll are travelling through a dark and scary forest looking for Moominpappa. They use a tulip to light their way, and are attacked by a giant snake. They later find the home of an old man, who invites them to live in his garden. However when they find out that the sun is made of shiny paper, they leave and continue their journey.
Moominpappa has written his autobiography of his amazing life. In his tale, he at first was left at an orphanage, but after finding it boring and disliking the strict headmistress Hemulen, he leaves and meets a new friend, Hodgkin. Together they build a boat, in which to live. They fool Edward the Booble into helping to set the ship off.
Darth Vader and Grand Moff Tarkin are joined by Ferus Olin, a former Jedi apprentice and rebel leader. Ferus joins the dark side in the same way Anakin was seduced. Palpatine promises to give him the power over life and death.
This novel serves as the introduction to Spenser, a private investigator in Boston. Spenser is hired by Bradford W. Forbes, the president of the fictional Taft university to recover a stolen illuminated manuscript. He arrives at her apartment to find Dennis murdered, the killer having used Terry's gun, and Terry under the influence of an unknown drug.
Dexter is drawn into the case when Danco abducts his sister Deborah's new boyfriend, detective Kyle Chutsky. Dexter finds himself accidentally engaged to his girlfriend Rita. He perceives a "dark passenger" similar to his own in Rita's children Astor and Cody, and looks forward to teaching them as his foster-father had taught him.
Dr. Alex Cross is in the middle of his training at the FBI when he is assigned to work on a kidnapping case. A federal judge's wife has been kidnapped, and Dr. Cross discovers that her kidnapping fits the pattern of other recent kidnappings. A Russian mobster known as "The Wolf" has been kidnapping people and selling them into sexual slavery.
Dima, a 14-years boy who used to fight on streets of his native city Alma-ata, now has to fight in a place where swords are used instead of fists. The new environment consists of forty islands, each connected to three others via high and narrow bridges. There is a castle on each island; and about 15-18 kids live in each one.
"Reserv-6" is the story of Mike, a man from the U.S. who meets Drago, a "dragon" who can communicate telepathically with his dog, Prince. Drago learns much about himself that he didn't know, and, by the end, questions his status as a dragon altogether.
Kristina is a straight-A honor roll student and decides to visit her father for three weeks. Kristina meets the character Adam in Albuquerque, where she is staying with her father. Adam convinces Kristina to try Crank , Kristina starts a relationship with Adam, but feels guilty about Lince. When the three weeks are over, Kristina goes back to Reno, Nevada, where her mother's house is. She is now addicted to Crank.
The Spraggs, a family of midwesterners from the fictional city of Apex, arrive in New York City at the prompting of their beautiful, ambitious, but socially naive daughter, Undine. She marries Ralph Marvell, a member of an old New York family that no longer enjoys significant wealth. When she becomes pregnant, she is disconsolate; and she neglects her son, Paul, after he is born. Undine begins an affair with the nouveau riche Peter Van Degen, who is married to Ralph's cousin, Clare.
David Spaulding, a radio voice actor, is recruited by Colonel Ed Pace to run a secret network in Lisbon. The plot advances to 1943. Both the Allies and the Axis find themselves facing key shortages that impede their ability to win the war. The Germans find themselves without high quality diamonds, which are necessary for the rocket development program at Peenemünde.
The book is mainly written in first person, Toan's and his older cousin's, Linh's point of view. The main character for this story is a boy named Toan. This novel is filled with hope. It shows the inside of Vietnam, the way people feel about the war and the experiences that were experienced, that caused the Vietnamese people to become stronger.
The Guns of Navarone is based on the real events surrounding the Battle of Leros in World War II. The story concerns the efforts of an Allied commando team to destroy a seemingly impregnable German fortress in the Aegean Sea. Its three principal characters - New Zealand mountaineer-turned-commando Keith Mallory, American demolitions expert "Dusty" Miller, and Greek resistance fighter Andrea are among the most fully drawn in all of MacLean's work.
In The Triple Hoax, Nancy, her Aunt Eloise, Bess, and George begin by going to New York to help a friend. There they see a performance done by the Hoaxters, a group of magicians. Nancy and her friends follow leads to Mexico City, where Nancy is asked to find a child that has gone missing.
At the play's core is a semi-pro Northern England rugby league team. During the week, its members are peaceable men toiling away at mindless, working class jobs. On Saturday, they prepare for gory combat on the playing field. After the match they return, often broken, muddy, and bloody.
After the events of All the Weyrs of Pern, The Dolphins of Per, and The Skies of PERN, Thread is less of a threat to the planet. The book exposes the incremental loss of technology due to the hardships of thread, and inevitable progress towards the more feudal society shown later in the series timeline. It also shows more about the process of caring for a newborn dragon than is shown in any of the other Pern books.
The book is about Leven Thumps, whose mother died birthing him, and his father died before the unfortunate child is born in a motorcycle crash. Orphaned, mistreated Leven is contacted by a tiny creature named Clover Earnest, a sycophant, who informs him that he has a destiny to save two worlds: his own, and the world of dreams, called Foo. Together with Clover and Geth, they set out to Germany, the location of the gateway.
The Born Queen, Virgenya Dare, defeats the evil Skasloi with magic and frees humanity from slavery. About 2300 years later, Dare's grave is found by her descendant, rebellious Princess Anne. Queen Muriele secretly sends Anne to a convent to be trained as an assassin. Anne's training takes a strange turn as she finds herself in a magical realm.
Arianus, the World of Air, is composed entirely of porous floating islands, aligned in three basic altitudes. In the Low Realm, the dwarves live on the continent Drevlin and cheerfully serve the giant Kicksey- As the novel opens, the Lord of the Nexus instructs a follower on his task.
Pryan is a giant stone sphere containing four suns. The "ground" is not the ground at all, but rather moss and the leaves of huge, mile-high trees. Most people don't know where the real ground is. Paithan and Rega are on a mission to steal magical weapons from a dwarven buyer.
Abarrach, the World of Stone is just that: lava, stone, poisonous fumes, and precious little food that can be grown. The peoples of Abarrach rely on giant rune-inscribed stone pillars called colossi Haplo is sent to this world and discovers, much to his alarm, that Alfred has somehow infiltrated the Nexus.
The novel picks up just where Fire Sea left off. Alfred jumps into Death's Gate as Haplo's ship passes through it. The narrative is also interwoven with the personal diary of Grundle, daughter and heir to the leaders of Chelestra's dwarven population.
Haplo returns to Draknor to retrieve his ship. He finds Samah there wet, haggard, and lost. The leader of the Council has opened Death's Gate, allowing the dragon-snakes free access to Xar orders Haplo to take Bane back to Arianus, where he will activate the Kicksey-winsey.
On Abarrach, Xar is attempting to learn the secret of necromancy. Sang-drax&mdash is the only weapon the Brotherhood has that might even possibly be capable of killing Haplo. Xar has gone to Pryan with the pretext of taming the tytans, and he is frustrated with his inability.
Marit, Alfred and Hugh travel to Abarrach, where they hope to somehow rescue Haplo. Providence arrives in the form of Zifnab and the "dragons" of Pryan&mdash;the good Balthazar is very eager to leave this world if he can. In the Labyrinth, Marit and Hugh venture out to try and find Alfred.
Renn is a gifted but often bullied Eight Year novice in the Echorium who can speak to Half-Creatures. He is asked to assist the Singers by translating for Shaiala Two-Hoof, a wild centaur. Renn is irritable and offends ShaialA by refusing to believe her tales of centaurs.
The Animorphs must travel back in time to save the world from the Yeerks. The children acquire jaguar and monkey morphs in order to traverse the rainforest more easily. They stumble across a group of Amazon Indians, led by Polo, their tribal chief. Polo and his men kill the Hork-Bajir guarding the Blade.
Rachel suddenly finds herself involuntarily morphing into various animals, the last being a crocodile. She is allergic to crocodile DNA, explaining her involuntary morphing, happening when emotionally stressed or excited. Ax tells her she needs to expel a live crocodile, a process known as hereth illint. Ax kills the crocodile and Rachel steps on McCole's Yeerk.
In the book he discusses both the emergence of Islamism and the West's response. It distinguishes between 'the great historical faith' of Islam which he claims has 'brought spiritual nourishment to millions' and Islamism. He discusses the factors that led to the development of large-scale Muslim terrorism and how the West has failed to stand up for its liberal values.
The plot of the play focuses on an arranged marriage. The heroine, Maria, is in love with a suitable potential mate, Frank Heartlove. But her mother coerces Maria into a marriage with a rich old miser, Justice Algrip. At the marriage feast, Maria's cousin urges the heartbroken and rejected Heartlove to attempt to cuckold the Justice on his wedding night.
Nassim Nicholas Taleb refers to the book variously as an essay or a narrative with one single idea: "our blindness with respect to randomness, particularly large deviations" The book's layout follows "a simple logic" moving from literary subjects in the beginning to scientific and mathematical subjects in later portions.
Le rêve is a simple tale of the orphan Angélique Marie. Her dream is to be saved by a handsome prince and to live happily ever after. She falls in love with Félicien d'HautecSur, the last in an old family of knights.
An intern in a mental hospital relates his experience with Joe Slater, an inmate who died at the facility a few weeks after being confined as a criminally insane murderer. As an undergraduate, the intern had built but never tested a device for two-way telepathic communication. He attached himself with Slater to the device as Slater lay near death. With the device switched on, he received a message from a being of light whose experiences had been what were transmitted through the medium of Joe Slater.
Willow Ufgood is worrying over planting his crops for the harvest, once again in the life of a farmer. He dreams that night of riding on the back of a great dragon, who drops him off at Tir Asleen. He wakes up the next morning to find two Brownies sitting at the end of his bed.
The book tells the story of Simplício, a naïve and near-sighted man who lives alongside his brother Américo, an ascending politician, his cousin Anica and extremely religious aunt Domingas. A friend of his, old man Nunes, takes him to Reis, an optometrist who is able to make very powerful lenses. However, none of them can make SimplíCio see again. Reis then suggests Simplísio to go see an unnamed Armenian wizard who makes magical lenses. The Armenian tells him that if he looks to someone or something for more than three minutes, he would see the evil enclosed on them.
A wily merchant named Uther has conned Blart out of everything he owns and his freedom. To play Muggins, the dealer simply picks two cards from the deck, hands one to the non-dealer and keeps one himself. If the cards were the same, say, a king and a king, then the dealer wins. But no sooner than Blart bets stakes in the game than Uther begins to win every round.
A Sucessora follows the character of Mariana, a young woman that has married the widower Roberto Steen. As Mariana attempts to acclimate to her new marriage and responsibilities, she discovers that his dead wife Alice still seems to have a hold over the household.
The first person narrative revolves around three days in the early life of a neurotic old man. None of the days is described clearly or coherently. Despite feeling unwell he rises early and leaves the house but not so early that his mother isn't able to catch his eye from her window. The events of the third day are distilled into the
Rustygate Primary School does not teach espionage and sleuthing. Dawn Buckle is asked to become a highly trained spy. She soon finds herself caught up in an adventure to unearth the wicked 'spy-gone-bad' Murdo Meek. Can she outwit this master criminal while at the same time keeping herself safe?
The plot of the novel describes the true story of the writer's grandmother during the Bangladesh Liberation War. During the war her grandma helped the Freedom Fighters by protecting their ammunitions. The story also covers the inner conflict of Rehana as she loses the custody of her children after her husband's death.
Edward York is on board an Outward Fleet spaceship, the Willow, which is leaving the Troyen solar system where he has been stationed for the past twenty years. The atmosphere aboard ship is febrile; the shy and retiring York is roped into attending a party, a masquerade-cum-orgy. In the ship's hold, he discovers, dead like everyone else, a queen of the Mandasar species.
Star athlete with a severely disfigured face lashes out at one of the prettiest girls at a high school party. Sent to reform school for assault, the boy undergoes extensive facial reconstructive surgery at state expense. Years later, the girls are in college when one of them is murdered, her face mutilated, and the others receive threats.
Tobias takes Rachel on a tour, to show her the Yeerk pool entrance that he had discovered. Soon, though, he finds he is not where he was heading. A pair of Hork-Bajir come up Tobias and Rachel lead the male one to safety, but the other female trips over and falls into a ditch. The other Animorphs suspect a Yeerk trap to lure the freedom fighters.
Cassie, Rachel, Marco and Tobias travel in bird morph, and land in a rocky outcrop. The Animorphs join the alleged Yeerk herd, and trot directly into the base. They hear the horse-Controllers speak Galard - the interstellar lingua franca. They wound the Hork-Bajir and rescue the captain from Visser Three.
The book starts off with the four human Animorphs helping four parrots in a new mall cafe by telling the customers disgusting things about the cafe's food. After this, Marco's old acquaintance, Erek King, has some disturbing news about his mother, Eva. She has returned to Earth, overseeing a Yeerk bioweapons program to allow them to venture into deep waters. The research is conducted in the waters around Royan Island.
 Animorphs attempt to infiltrate Joe Bob Fenestre's multi-million dollar compound. They are immediately attacked by gun-toting humans, pack hounds, and Rachel is shocked unconscious by a bug zapper. Jake and the others, shaken, need to find another way to break in. Jake travels to The Gardens zoo complex, and acquires a rhinoceros morph.
The Animorphs discover that Hewlett Aldershot the Third has been run over by Controllers and is being kept secretly in a hospital where he is heavily guarded. Since he cannot be infested while in a coma, Visser Three acquires his DNA in hopes of impersonating him to eventually acquire an even more senior official. They decide to morph mosquitoes with the theory that they can acquire him by sucking his blood without being in their natural forms where the Yeerk guards might notice them. While they are doing it, they are transported to Z-Space when their extra mass is caught in the slipstream of an Andalite ship heading for the Leera where there is a Yeerk invasion underway.
Cassie quits being an Animorph after finding a piece of Hork-Bajir flesh stuck in her teeth. The others are disgusted with her scrupulous behaviour, and brand her a hypocrite. Cassie allows Aftran to enter her brain, thus freeing Karen - and putting the life of the planet at stake.
Scholastic will re-release this book with a lenticular cover in October 2014. This book begins to hint at David's reckless behavior. The Animorphs need two plans: one to retrieve the Blue Box, and another to stop the Yeerks from taking over the world.
Chapman's Byron, a formidable soldier and commander, is marred by one major fault, his overweening pride. He loves to compare himself to the heroes of antiquity&mdash;Hercules, Alexander the Great, Curtius, even Orpheus. His vanity leaves him deeply vulnerable to manipulation by enemies of the King of France, who want to exploit Byron for their own schemes.
The four recruits are unusual for Phoenix Guards because most guardsmen come from the militaristic House of the Dragon. The recruits are each paired with a haughty Dragon veteran for their first patrol, but each recruit kills his or her Dragon. After learning of the White Sash's failure to apprehend a murderer, Kathana, the group decides to earn glory for their own troop by tracking her down themselves.
After five hundred years, an older and wiser Khaavren has become the de facto commander of the Phoenix Guards. Pel continues to scheme and study the Art of Discretion, while Aerich and Tazendra live quietly on their estates. Khavren learns that the now-decadent Emperor Tortaalik has allowed his Empire to hover on the brink of financial collapse.
Three hundred years without sorcery or the authority of the Empire has ruined the land. Banditry, plague, and petty warlords reign. A young witch enters the Eastern town of Blackchapel on a quest to find his name. Morrolan vows to journey to Dragaera, receive his birthright, and then return.
An Open Swimmer is a 'coming of age' novel. It details the late-teen life of a young man named Jerra Nilsam. A considerable part of the novel describes the camping trip taken by Jerra and his childhood friend, Sean. Many sub-plots are scattered throughout this book in the form of spontaneous paragraphs and dialogues.
Jake becomes aware of the tensions between David and Marco. Jake's parents tell him that their obnoxious cousin, Saddler, was gravely injured in a car accident. The team morphs into seagulls, and spy out the area, crawling with security agents armed to the teeth.
The Animorphs formulate one final attempt to doom the Yeerks' plan to make controllers of some of the G8 leaders. They morph elephants and rhinoceroses, and ravage the resort huts the heads of state reside in. They leave a screaming Visser Three in 'Tony's' morph, and retreat into the ocean.
Tobias discovers that his father was in fact Elfangor, the Andalite prince. He decides that he can't give up his morphing powers because he must continue to fight for his people. The Animorphs and the Hork-Bajir plan their attack on the new Yeerk Dracon cannon facility out of town.
Cassie notices a toy spaceship attached to her water pump. She puts it with a bunch of other things being donated to charity. While there, the spaceship starts shooting at them and demands that they surrender and bring them the "power source" The spaceship flies away and they realize that it is headed back to the Wildlife Rehabilitation Clinic to retrieve the blue box. Since it is a spaceship, it can travel much faster than their bird morphs.
The Animorphs are on a mission against the Yeerks in the Arctic Circle. They discover cryogenic tubes with strange creatures inside them. They morph seals to escape them, but are attacked by orcas in the freezing depths. They encounter the Venber, a species from the Andalite moon Venbea that was wiped out centuries ago by a race known as "The Five"
The Animorphs are taken to the Iskoort world, a huge metropolis miles above the ground. They determine that the Howlers were created by Crayak, and that they have collective memories, giving them each thousands of years of battle experience. All Howlers share a single, collective memory. The Ellimist also reveals that in three hundred years' time, the Is Koort will meet the Yeerks.
Two of the Chee are currently still in danger, while the rest have successfully hidden themselves. They have to travel to the bottom of the ocean, to fix the problem of the malfunctioning holograms. The group is confronted by a being called the Drode, an aide of sorts to Crayak.
 Animorphs find out from Erek that the Yeerks have taken control of a meatpacking plant and a laboratory. They acquire chimpanzees and infiltrate the lab. Tobias and Ax morph into bulls to go to the meat packing plant. Inside the plant, they discover a room with humans in cages. The computer tells them that it is an experiment designed to destroy the free will of the human population.
Cassie and Jake are dragged along by Rachel and the others to the school dance. They have a few good laughs when Ax's unfamiliarity with human culture scares away some of the crowd. The laughter stops, however, when he demorphs involuntarily. It soon becomes apparent that Ax is suffering from an inflamed Tria gland - much like the lymphatic tonsils in the human mouth. If it bursts, it will cause irreversible and fatal damage to the brain.
Marco, Tobias and Ax negotiate a deal with Visser One. Marco begins to formulate a plan that will destroy Vissers One and Three, and free his mother, and make the Yeerks believe they have destroyed the Hork-Bajir colony. The plan goes well for the most part, but a few miscalculations reveal that at least one of the guerilla fighters is human.
Jake's father insists that the family go to his home in a wooded cabin far away and help plan the funeral arrangements. This presents a problem for Tom, who can not stay away from the Yeerk Pool for more than three days at time. After several close calls protecting Jake's father, the Animorphs decide to make a distraction for the Yeerks so that Tom is no longer their top priority.
 Pushkin dedicates the poem to unnamed young beauties. In a brief prologue, the narrator of the story describes a green oak by the sea. Bound to the tree by a golden chain is a story-telling cat. The story opens with a feast given by Prince Vladimir to celebrate the marriage of his daughter, Ludmila.
In the far, cold Northern Isles, the fox captain, Vizka Longtooth, sights a lonely farmhouse. Wanting plunder, he orders the crew of his ship, the Bludgullet to set ashore. The Badger Lord Asheye has a prophecy that an unknown badger will succeed him in autumn. Leading a series of events Vizka, his brother Codj and the Sea Raiders have captured Gorath.
Josephine March is rejected by another author in New York City. Jo assembles her sisters, Meg, Beth and Amy, to tell them that she will be putting up for a show of her own called the "Operatic Tragedy" Jo fantasizes about her blood and guts-filled show Meg and Jo are invited to Annie Moffat's Valentine's Day Ball.
The novel has common ground with Frank Wedekind's 1891 drama Spring Awakening. The Counterfeiters also shares with that play the vision of homosexual relationships as under certain conditions being "better" than heterosexual ones. In some regards, such as the way in which the adolescents act and speak in a way beyond their years and the incompetence of the adults, the novel has similar themes.
The novel tells the story of a French silkworm merchant-turned-smuggler named Hervé Joncour. He travels to Japan for his town's supply of silkworms after a disease wipes out their African supply. During his stay in Japan, he becomes obsessed with the concubine of a local baron.
Dresden gets a call from Lieutenant Karrin Murphy, director of Special Investigations Unit of the Chicago Police Department. Murphy's partner shows him the bodies of two gruesomely murdered people with their hearts ripped out. Later that day, he is hired to find the husband of Monica Sells, Victor, a beginning magician who was acting oddly. Eventually, Dresden learns that the affair centers around the drug "ThirdEye"
New Day is the story of Jamaica's first outcry against the English Crown rule that cemented a socio-economic and political framework of oppression three decades post-emancipation. New Day is framed as the aged narrator John Campbell's account of the Morant Bay Rebellion of 1865 and the series of uprisings that finally culminates in the creation of the New Constitution in 1944.
The book begins with Bradley, who had left Fort Dinosaur on an expedition in the first novel and never returned. Bradley and his party are attempting to return to Fort Dinosaur. Along the way, they encounter a creature which appears to be a flying dead man. The Wieroo takes Bradley to the island of Oo-oh and attempts to keep him in a prison.
The story concerns Clayton Blaisdell, Jr. , a mentally challenged small-time con artist who kidnaps a wealthy gentleman's baby son. Blaze's world begins to crumble during his kidnapping venture, especially as he bonds with baby Joey. Blaze runs from his inevitable destiny back to his old orphanage, the Hetton House.
In a small French town during the Occupation, Barny is a young, wayward, sexually frustrated widow. She is also a communist militant who long ago decided that the easiest way was the best. One day she enters a church, randomly chooses a priest and starts criticizing the religion. But the priest is Leon Morin, who is young, handsome, clever and altruistic.
A young boy was the most talented sailor in the harbor. One day the boy decided to go out despite the storm brewing just outside the harbor and against the warnings of an old fisherman. As he sails out of the harbor a big gust strikes the boat and he is knocked unconscious. When he wakes up he and his boat, the Zephyr, are stranded on a strange beach far above the high-water mark.
Theodorus Witgood has mortgaged his estates to his uncle Pecunius Lucre. Witgood is in love with Joyce, the daughter of another London merchant, Walkadine Hoard. Lucre and Hoard are rivals; Hoard resents Lucre because Lucre has shown himself to be an even more ruthless swindler than Hoard is himself.
Dr. Maya Witherspoon is a young doctor who has just emigrated to England. She had lived most of the first twenty-five years of her life in her native India. Her mother was a powerful sorceress; a former priestess of the Indian gods.
Sixteen year old Max arrives in a new household inhabited by several families and individuals. Among them there are a six year old boy named Mango; and a fifteen year old girl, Emma. Emma and her father Ted - an old friend of Max's parents - had arrived in the household some months earlier. Max begins to have a strange feeling that has known Emma for a long time.
Seppo Sorjonen, a young cab driver/wage slave fed up with his lifestyle. Taavetti Rytkönen, an old retired war veteran, trying to remember who he is and how he got there. The two's meeting sparks off a leisurely, low-drama romp through Finland.
The Castle in the Forest tells the story of the young life of Adolf Hitler, his origins and his immediate family tree. The story follows Hitler's father, Alois Hitler, and his early marriages and work for the customs department of the Austrian government. At this point, Dieter reveals himself to be an employee of Satan, instructed by his superiors to oversee the development of Hitler.
The Woman's Prize is a 16th-century play by William Shakespeare. It is the story of Petruchio and his wife Maria. The play was revived by the Royal Shakespeare Company in 2004. Critics have debated whether or not the play shows any sympathy with women.
The film follows a group of men on a canoe voyage through a fictional river. Narrated in the first person by one of the main characters, graphic artist Ed Gentry. Four middle-aged men in a large Georgia city planning a weekend canoe trip down the fictional Cahulawassee River.
The novel is set during a fictional civil war in which black South Africans have violently overturned the system of apartheid. The story follows the Smales, a liberal White South African family who were forced to flee Johannesburg to the native village of Ma July. The film is about a family who lose their gun in the middle of a war.
Luis Molina, an openly homosexual window-dresser, is in jail for "corruption of a minor" Molina is sent to Valentin's jail to befriend him and try to extract information about his organization. Molina gets provisions from the outside for his cooperation with the officials with the hopes of keeping up appearances that his mother comes to Molina dies in a shootout.
Honoré and Emily find themselves in a parallel timestream where their alternate selves think nothing of changing history to improve the quality of life - especially their own. Honoré has been recently haunted by the death of his mother, an event which happened in his childhood. Now there seems to be a way to reverse that event, but at what cost?
Fleurette is a beautiful, innocent country girl who has been protected by her indulgent, wealthy father from the worst horrors of the revolution. She is brought in front of the Committee on a charge of treason. Chauvelin is determined to save her, thinking even now that if only he can capture the Scarlet Pimpernel. But will Sir Percy be willing to help his enemy considering his previous treatment of Lady Blakeney?
Godfrey Winshaw, son of the wealthy Matthew and Frances Winshaw of Yorkshire, is shot down by German anti-aircraft fire during a secret wartime mission. His sister Tabitha alleges that he was betrayed by their brother Lawrence Michael. Michael is the son of Godfrey's surviving co-pilot, who was also Lawrence's mystery attacker.
In 1920, the heroes of the story Rebecca and Doug McKenzie, leave Shanghai aboard their uncle's ship Expedient. They are intent on discovering the whereabouts of their missing parents who have disappeared while on a secret mission to the deserts of Western China. Faced with bloodthirsty pirates, submarines and deadly torpedoes, their task quickly becomes a dangerous struggle to survive.
Echo feels overshadowed by her beautiful, angel-like mother, Eva, and lacks the attention of her artist father, Caliban. The summer her father is diagnosed with cancer, she encounters Storm, a boy with angel wings, and falls in love with him. She leaves for school in autumn, where she starts dating a poet Thorn, with whom she lives until she develops an eating disorder and drops out of school.
Students of Mrs. Jewls' class claim to see Mrs. Gorf at random times. Mac disrupts a lesson on decimals with a wild story about him mismatching and losing his socks. Bebe writes nasty notes on her homework and blames it on her nonexistent younger brother Ray Gunn.
The Lord of Stoutenburg in the Netherlands is a man on the run. His father was falsely accused of treason and sent to the gallows by the Stadtholder. Stoutenburg asks for shelter from Gilda Beresteyn, the daughter of a rich merchant. She hires him to kidnap his sister for a large sum.
The cows that entered the school in Wayside School is Falling Down finally left the school after 243 days. Dr. Pickell is a psychiatrist who uses a pickle-like stone to hypnotize people and use aversion therapy to break people's bad habits. Mr. Gorf has the ability to take away one's voice by snorting it up a third nostril in his nose.
The first chapter introduces Sue, a new student in Mrs. Jewls's class. She is bewildered to discover that the arithmetic lessons involve adding words instead of numbers, using verbal arithmetic. Chapter 1 has 11 problems all about adding and subtracting using words. The reader has to figure out why the problems Sue mentioned are impossible.
Colonel ffolkes and his wife Mary have invited a few house guests to spend the Christmas holidays at their remote country seat in Dartmoor. The whole action of the novel takes place on Boxing Day when, early in the morning, Gentry is found murdered in the attic. Snowed in and unable to call the police, the party decide to ask their neighbour, a retired Chief Inspector with Scotland Yard, for help.
Lorelei Lee narrates the novel in the form of a diary complete with spelling and grammatical errors. Lee had been working in movies in Hollywood when she met Mr. Gus Eisman. She is dismayed that her friend Dorothy wastes her time with a boy named Mencken, who only writes for a magazine.
A writer called Fernando returns to Medellín after an absence of 30 years. He finds the place transformed into Colombia's "capital of hate" Fernando meets Alexis, 16 years old, a male prostitute and a hitman. Alexis needs no reason to kill: he opens fire on anybody who rubs him the wrong way.
At the center of the book are conversations between a married American named Philip, living in London, and a married Englishwoman-trapped with a small child in a loveless upper-middle-class household. The lives of both characters are gradually revealed as they talk before and after making love.
Damia's Children tells the first half of a story which is continued in Lyon's Pride. Humanity has found a new ally in their ongoing war against the Beetle Hive, a tenacious species called the Mrdini. Some humans and 'Dinis are raised together from childhood; one such family are the children of Damia and Afra Lyon, powerful psychic Talents.
A young student and poet, Geo, takes a job as a sailor on a boat with a strange passenger, a priestess of the goddess Argo. Geo is heading toward a mysterious land of mutants and high radiation, called Aptor, presumably to recapture a young priestESS of Argo, her daughter.
The story is about the history of an ill-fated multi-generational interstellar expedition of discovery. By the time the spaceship has arrived at the destination star system, the descendants are incapable and uninterested in settling the system's planets. The descendants continue to live in the spaceship as an obscure backwater culture.
Achak is separated from his family during the Second Sudanese Civil War. He flees on foot with a group of other young boys to a refugee camp in Ethiopia. They make it to Kenya and finally, years later, he moves to the United States. The story is told in parallel to subsequent hardships in the U.S.
Equinox concerns the sexual and violent encounters that ensue when an unnamed Black sea captain, sailing his 72-foot diesel boat, the Scorpion, with his dog Niger and two teenagers Gunner and Kirsten. The apparent brevity of the novel thus detailed, and the slightness of its narrative, is only achieved by passing over its many long and very explicit sexual descriptions.
Lucifer Box is a Royal Academy assassin in 1920s New York. Box is framed for the murder of Sal Volatile. He boards the Stiffkey, an old tramp freighter commanded by Captain Corpusty. Box seduces the cabin-girl Aggie, whose real name turns out to be Agnes Dei.
The novel opens on the 25th birthday of its protagonist, Vladimir Girshkin. Vladimir is a Jewish immigrant whose family moved from Russia when he was a boy. The novel begins in 1993, in New York City, where Vladimir works for the Emma Lazarus Immigrant Absorption Society.
In 2115, existence of telepathy has been proven. The resulting media frenzy, panic, violence, and bloodshed lead to the creation of the Metasensory Regulation Authority, the precursor of the Psi Corps. Kevin Vacit is a telepath prodigy who masks his abilities from the Corps.
A fisherman is killed by a hideous creature from beneath the waves. When the Doctor and Rose arrive, they discover a village where the children are plagued by nightmares. Bronwyn Ceredig, the old woman of the village, suspects that ailing industrialist Nathaniel Morton is to blame. The Doctor has suspicions of his own.
It is the winter of AD 44 and after a series of bloody battles, Camulodunum has fallen to the invading Roman army. As General Vespasian, legate of the Second Legion, helps plan their next campaign, General Plautius's wife and children are shipwrecked in a storm. They fall into the hands of a dark sect of Druids who now demand the return of their brotherhood taken prisoner by the Romans. Two soldiers volunteer to venture deep into hostile territory in an attempt to rescue the prisoners.
Main theme is an expedition to prove main character Erlend's theory about Pacific islands. This is, of course, an impossible theory, but the story is kept alive with Loe's personal, at times naïve, style. The book is divided into two parts. The first part is about how ErLend, inspired by Thor Heyerdahl's Kon-Tiki, came up with the theory.
The Great Santini tells the story of hard-nosed Marine fighter pilot Lt. Col. Wilbur "Bull" Meecham. The book is set in 1962 before the Vietnam War. The novel is based on Conroy's own childhood experiences growing up in a military family.
The book tells of a young Alliance lieutenant David Anderson and his efforts to find a survivor of an attack on a top-secret Alliance base. The book serves to fill in much of the background details of the game, such as locations and the internal politics of the Council's races. A considerable amount of the plot revolves around the galaxy's views on Artificial intelligence.
The novel is set in the year 2074, in a future U.S. that has become obsessed with safety and security. The main character is Bo Marsden, a 16-year-old at high school. Bo's father and brother are in prison, and Bo tends to see his own rash behavior as genetic.
The Duchess is told that in order to prove her perfection, her constancy must be tested-she must be exposed to a desirable man. Lactantio is the Lord Cardinal's only heir. He must keep the old man happy by seeming to shun the company of women. The Duchess confesses that she has fallen in love with General Andrugio.
The story begins with the main character, an adventuress named Alias, awakening in a disoriented and amnesic state. She soon discovers that she has a newly acquired azure colored tattoo imprinted on the inside of her sword arm in the space between her wrist and elbow. It is later revealed that Alias herself is in fact a complicated, magically created, artificial being intended by her creators to be their proxy in various nefarious purposes.
Green is a quiet and shy 15-year-old girl, approaching her 16th birthday. She lives with her mother, father, and beautiful younger sister Aurora, in a house on the city's green outskirts. While her sister is wild, charming and impatient, Green is timid and reserved. After mastering the art of tending the garden, she becomes the garden's main caretaker. One day her family goes to the city to sell produce, leaving Green behind. There, her family perishes as a result of a conflagration in the city.
The novel uses a frequent Gaarder device of telling a story within a story. It is narrated by a Norwegian named Petter, who recounts his life since childhood. As an adult Petter sells ideas, stories, and plots to frustrated writers. Eventually writers and members of the publishing industry become suspicious, and rumors spread of a "Spider"
Josette Gravier idolises the mysterious Englishman known as The Scarlet Pimpernel. She is given a permit to go to England to fetch the letters. Chauvelin steals the letters then fabricates up a set of blank look-alikes. He decides to open the original letters to see what leverage he can get.
The story is set in Rome in the early 4th century AD, during the time of the persecution of Christians under the Roman Emperor Diocletian. The heroine of the book is Fabiola, a young beauty from a noble Roman family. She is spoiled by her father Fabius, who cannot deny her anything.
The TARDIS arrives in 22nd century Africa, where agri-teams are growing food in the rich soil around a dormant volcano. As something moves in the volcanic tunnels, the Doctor realises an ancient trap has been triggered. The Doctor and Rose meet Solomon Nabarr and Basel who explain that the Time travellers have just landed right by Mount Tarsus.
The Novel focuses on three friends, Goldman, Caesar, and Israel, in 1970's Tel Aviv. The story begins with the death of Goldman's father on April 1 and ends a little after Goldman's suicide on January 1. The past is woven into this short "present" period, through a complex stream of associations.
Laylora is a world of breath-taking beauty, where peace-loving Aboriginals supposedly live in harmony with their environment. Years ago, a human called Rez arrived on the planet as a baby in an escape pod, and was adopted by the native people. The Doctor and Rose arrive to answer a distress signal from a group of scientists, who were shot down by an EMP.
The story's protagonist is a 15-year-old-girl named Elizabeth Clarry. Elizabeth lives in a suburb of Sydney, Australia, with her mother and her dog, a collie named Lochie. Her concerns revolve around her best friend, a wayward, Elizabeth learns of Celia's whereabouts but grows more concerned.
Diogenes has finally met his real father, an English Nobleman. Now an English Lord, the once penniless soldier of fortune is getting married to Gilda Beresteyn. Socrates and Pythagoras are due to attend Diogenes' wedding in the Veluwe. Pythagora falls foul of Lord Stoutenburg after coming across the fugitive and his servant Jan.
The story starts in Paris in April 1794, year II of the French Revolution. Theresia Cabarrus is a beautiful but shallow Spaniard who is betrothed to Citizen Tallien. Bertrand Moncrif is a good-looking but impulsive young man who appears determined to martyr himself.
Judge Dee is a newly appointed magistrate to the town of Poo-yang. He has one case left over from the previous judge, a brutal rape-murder of a woman called Pure Jade. Rumor has it that the monks, who can cure barren women, are not a virtuous as they seem.
Judge Dee is a recently appointed magistrate to the miserable town/district of Peng-lai. His predecessor has been murdered and so Judge Dee must investigate. The investigation is made more complex due to the disappearance of his chief clerk as well as the new bride of a wealthy local shipowner.
Main character, Mr. Plumbean, lives on a "neat street" where all the houses look the same. A seagull flies over his house and drops a can of bright orange paint on his roof. Instead of repainting his house to look like all the others on the street, he paints it to resemble his dreams. In the end, all the neighbors say: "Our street is us and we are it"
In the year 666, Judge Dee, the newly appointed magistrate of the fictional town of Han-yuan, must solve three murders. The murders seem to be related but just how they are connected is a mystery. The whole investigation turns into a maze of political intrigue, sordid greed and dark passions.
Judge Dee is the magistrate in the fictional border town of Lan-fang. He confronts three mysteries involving poisoned plums, a mysterious scroll picture, passionate love letters, a hidden murder, and a ruthless robber. These are all somehow linked to the Governor's garden maze.
Judge Dee and his three wives are on their way back from a visit to family in the capital accompanied by the Judge's aid Tao Gan. A terrible storm forces the party to take shelter for the night in an isolated Taoist monastery of sinister repute. The wives go directly to bed but the Judge is required to pay a courtesy visit to the Abbot.
Archeologist Keith Salazar's excavation of the ancient Kukulkan city of Nomuru is endangered by the plans of the avaricious Conrad Bergen to develop the site. Salazar must avoid being murdered by Bergen, bestir the civilized natives to battle the nomads, and manipulate his superior in order to secretly supply Terran weapons to his allies.
Judge Dee is magistrate of Poo-yang a flourishing walled city on the Grand Canal. He is attending the Dragon Boat races accompanied by his three ladies aboard his own official barge. The sad, sudden death of a young student crewing one of the boats turns out to be deliberate murder.
In 663, Judge Dee is the young magistrate in the fictional town of Peng-lai. On a visit to a senior magistrate he is shown a beautiful lacquer screen which is mysteriously altered to show a murder scene. Judge Dee and his faithful servant Chiao Tai go undercover and join a gang of robbers to solve the case.
Judge Dee, the magistrate of Poo-yang, has an unexpected meeting with the most powerful and famous courtesan on Paradise Island, Autumn Moon. Only a few hours later, she herself is found dead and Judge Dee is drawn into a web of lies and sad stories in the world of the prostitutes of Imperial China. The Chinese Bell Murders, Necklace and Calabash, Poets and Murder, and The Emperor's Pearl.
The first story is called "The Morning of the Monkey" and is set in the fictional city of Han-yuan in the year 666. One morning a gibbon drops an emerald ring right at the entrance to Judge Dee's house. This leads to the discovery of a strangely mutilated body out in the nearby forest. The second story, called 'The Night of the Tiger', takes place a decade later when Judge Dee is returning to the capital at Chang'an. There he must fight off the vicious cut-throats as well as solve a murder.
Simon Bolivar travels to Venezuela with his cousin, Forsyth Phair. Forsyth recently purchased a valuable heirloom painting of Simon Bolvar from Aunt Leonis. It is a relic of Simon's forebear, Quentin Phair, who fought at Bolivars side. The portrait was sold to raise money to support Simon and Miss Leonis, who is ninety years old.
The novel is set in the near future. The public image of the eponymous protagonist, Laurent Michaelmas, is that of a world-renowned newsman. In fact, Michaelmas controls world events just as much as he reports them. His means of influence is an immensely powerful self-aware artificial intelligence.
Judge Dee is now a senior member of the Chinese government. He has been appointed the Chief Judge in the Tang capital of Chang-An. One of the city's oldest, and most important aristocratic families becomes the subject of investigation. Three murders are committed and Judge Dee must find the connection.
Judge Dee is now the most senior judge in all of China and his authority is little less than that of the Emperor himself. When one of the secretive but very powerful Imperial censors goes missing in Canton, Judge Dee must come to the city in disguise and investigate. He is aided by a beautiful blind girl who collects crickets.
Judge Dee, a magistrate in the fictional Lan-fang district has a problem. A mysterious phantom is haunting a Buddhist temple. 20 bars of gold have gone missing, not to mention the merchant's beautiful daughter. When a body is discovered without a head, Judge Dee must quickly solve the case.
Judge Dee is a magistrate in the fictional Poo-yang district, a wealthy area through which the Grand Canal of China runs. The Emperor's daughter lives in the district at the Water Palace but it falls under a special administration run by the military commander. Judge Dee goes to the area for a few days of relaxing fishing but soon meets with a strange Taoist hermit.
Judge Dee is a magistrate in the fictional Poo-yang district, a wealthy area through which the Grand Canal of China runs. During the mid-autumn festival in the city of Chin-hwa he learns that a young girl has been murdered. The accused is a beautiful poetess who is thought to have whipped her maidservant to death.
The novel is set in a mysterious world where enigmatic Mentors run a sociological experiment. The mentors gathered volunteers from Earth from various places and times. The main character - Andrei Voronin - is an astronomer from Leningrad of 1950s. He struggles to find his identity and his place in the strange city.
The prologue begins with two men who are searching a river in London for dead bodies to fence. They come across the body of a girl wearing the same crescent moon amulet as Gemma's. Gemma, Felicity, and Ann find Pippa among a group of girls she claims to have saved from entering the Winterlands.
Bela and Paul are working towards their Ph.D's under the direction of a mad math genius named Roland Haut. They invent a para-computer called "GoBubble" that predicts the future. They are both involved in a love triangle with Alma.
Julius King, returning from a university job in America, seeks out his old school friends, Rupert Foster and Axel Nillson. His former lover, Morgan Browne, Foster's sister-in-law, has arrived in England at the same time. Foster's attempts to keep them apart are thwarted by Morgan, still in love with King.
The novel consists of a series of philosophical letters from the heroine, Emma Courtney, to Augustus Harley. Emma is deeply in love with Augustus Harley but her pursuit of him fails. Harley dies after an accident, and Montague commits suicide after a sexual encounter with a maid, whom he leaves pregnant.
Willum, a swineherd and Whipping boy for Symon, son of the city's High Lord, longs to go to Knyght School. After meeting up with a forest dwelling girl named Rose, an Italian restaurateur named Luigi, Humfrey the Boggart, a Pryvate Inquestigator with a speech impediment, a sarcastic harp and a wizard known as The Runemaster, Willum and Rose travel to The Ragged Mountain to retrieve the Dragonsbane.
The book focuses on the fact that several people have been murdered in what can only be described as a humane way. What these victims have in common is that they have been described by folk who knew them as "righteous" although they led some mundane or unethical existence. The killings seem to be done in the name of God; but as it is a Jewish story, why would they want this to happen?
 Artemis Fowl's mother contracts a debilitating disease, which Artemis can not heal with magic. Artemis desperately contacts Captain Holly Short and &#8470;1, in hopes that they will be able to shed some new light on his mother. Young Artemis and Holly save the lemur from Rathdown Park, but are forced at gunpoint to release it to young Artemis.
Sexy follows the character of Darren Flynn, a sixteen-year-old high school student and swim club member. When a teacher catches one of Darren's swim team members plagiarizing, that member is thrown off of the team. This prompts several other students to anonymously accuse the teacher of hitting on boys, which ruins the teacher's life. Darren chose not to take part in the accusations but is now torn between his moral objections and his fear of being thought of in the same light.
Horatia Winwood marries against her will to rescue the fortunes of her impoverished family. Part of the deal she proposes to Rule is that she will not interfere with his activities after their marriage. Horatia fills her days with entertainments to drown out her feelings of loneliness. She is surprised when the Earl arrives and returns her brooch to her.
On his deathbed, Baron Lavenham arranges a marriage between his great-nephew, Sir Tristram Shield, and his young French granddaughter, Eustacie de Vauban. His grandson and heir, Ludovic, is on the run on the Continent, after allegedly murdering a man in a dispute over a valuable heirloom, the talisman ring. The two take refuge at a local inn, after Ludovic is injured escaping from Excisemen. There they encounter an older lady, Miss Sarah Thane, who vows to help them.
In 1815, Brussels is the most exciting city in Europe. Many of the British aristocracy have rented homes there. Bab has taken up with the notorious Belgian Comte de Lavisse. The entire second half of the book is devoted to a historically accurate, almost minute by minute account of the Battle of Waterloo.
Juana, a convent raised orphan, sought sanctuary among officers of the 95th Rifles in the British camp outside the Spanish city of Badajoz in 1812. From the first moment he saw her, Brigade-Major Harry Smith fell deeply in love with Juana. Instead of letting herself be sent home to her husband's family, she chose to accompany Harry with the army. She remained with him throughout the rest of the Peninsular War.
Sir Richard Wyndham, an accomplished Corinthian, is being forced into marriage by his family, who want him to have an heir. The night before he is to announce his choice he comes across Penelope Creed, a young girl in boys' clothes, hanging helplessly from an upper story window. She is a very wealthy orphan who is running away from her own distasteful marriage plans. The two become allies and leave London in search of Miss Creed's childhood sweetheart.
The beautiful but poor Deborah Grantham presides over her aunt's gaming house in Regency London. Here she meets Max Ravenscar who is determined to prevent his young cousin and ward from contracting an inappropriate marriage. Deborah decides to take her revenge on Ravenscar which eventually leads to the pair falling in love.
Elinor Rochdale, daughter of a ruined gentleman, accepts the role of a governess to sustain herself. Stepping into the wrong carriage at a Sussex village, Elinor finds herself in the wrong house. In a somewhat dazed state, she soon finds herself coerced into becoming the wife of a dying man.
Venetia Lanyon grew up in the country, away from the world with only her younger brother Aubrey, bookish and lamed, for company. Her peace and quiet is one day disturbed by the rakish Lord Damerel, who arrives to spend time at his ancestral home next to the Lanyon's house. At first, she sensibly keeps away from him, but when he finds an injured Aubrey and not only takes him into his home to recover but also treats him with great kindness, she revises her first opinion of him and they soon become the best of friends.
Myrina joins the Moon Riders when she is 14. She becomes friend and confidante to Cassandra the prophetic princess of Troy. As the 'Snake Lady' she acquires a gang of four young orphans who travel with her, until all but one have been killed. The main character is Myrina, who joins the Amazons in her teenage years.
At its core is the diva Maria Callas, a glamorous, commanding, larger-than-life, caustic, and surprisingly drop-dead funny pedagogue holding a voice master class. Included in her musings are her younger years as an ugly duckling, her fierce hatred of her rivals, the unforgiving press that savaged her early performances, her triumphs at La Scala, and her affair with Aristotle Onassis. It culminates into a monologue about sacrifice taken in the name of art.
Singer Graia leads a class of final year novices from The Echorium to the beach, on the pretext of searching for the remains of a ship wreck. Kherron finds the mainlander ship he spoke about, and persuades the captain Metz to let them on board. He quickly learns that this vessel is hunting merlee for their eggs, and it put to work extracting the eggs. The merlee are being captured on the orders of the Karch
In late 1941, Harry Niles has many of the same problems in Tokyo as Rick Blaine encounters at the same time in Casablanca. Harry's place, the "Happy Paris", a bar-club for American and European expatriates, newspapermen and diplomats, is in Tokyo's entertainment district.
Alex Cross narrates the opening section of the book in flashback from Washington, D.C. in 1993. Cross prepares to return to private practice, leaving the FBI over the objections of director Ron Burns. Both Alex and the Butcher go to work, the former trying to solve a series of rape and murder cases.
In a town haunted by a deadly mine explosion that took the lives of almost half the male population thirty years earlier, the reverberations are still being felt in the current generation of survivors. Ivan Zoschenko, the local deputy and fallen football legend, "the Great Ivan Z," whose father died that day, now spends his days dispensing his own unique form of occasionally wise, usually comic, almost always dangerous justice.
Shae-Lynn Penrose drives a cab in a town where no one needs a cab-but plenty of people need rides. Tawni O'Dell's trademark blend of black humor, tenderness, and keen sense of place is evident once again.
Benjamin Bunny and his cousin Peter Rabbit venture into Mr. McGregor's garden to retrieve the clothes Peter lost there in The Tale of Peter Rabbit. They find the blue jacket and brown shoes on a scarecrow, but Peter is apprehensive about lingering in the garden. Rounding a corner, they see a cat and hide under a basket, but the cat then sits on top of the basket for hours, trapping the pair.
The novel is set in Regency England somewhere around 1818, and events are related through third-person narrative. As the story opens, a wealthy, beautiful and intelligent woman named Annis Wychwood reaches the age of majority. Now having greater control over her personal and financial affairs, Annis decides to move to Bath and live alone.
Lyddie's father left for the gold rush, and no one knows if he will return. Her mother leaves Lyddie and her brother Charles to work on the farm. She is sent to work at a tavern as a housemaid, and Charlie is sent at the Baker's mill. At the mill, she is taken under the wing by a woman involved in the struggle for better conditions.
Kate Malvern is a beautiful orphan who is forced to become a governess when her father dies. However due to her youth and beauty she loses the job and has to go to her old governess' house. While looking for a new Kate meets Torquil, the beautiful Broome heir. He is very temperamental and tells Kate how he would love to drown in a lake. Mr Phillip Broome arrives, Sir Timothy's beloved nephew.
Kit Fancot returns home to England from diplomatic service in Vienna to find that his twin brother Evelyn has disappeared. Evelyn is supposed to meet the autocratic grandmother of the lady to whom he has proposed. Kit is obliged to impersonate his brother to save the betrothal.
Sir Waldo Hawkridge, known in London society as 'the Nonesuch' for his sporting abilities and perfect manners, is obliged to go into Yorkshire to inspect a property that he has just inherited. While there, he meets Tiffany Wield, a positively dazzling young heiress who is entirely selfish and possessed of a frightful temper, as well as her far more elegant companion-governess, Ancilla Trent. Waldo's young cousin, Lord Lindeth, falls in and out of love with the young ladies of the neighborhood, and Waldo must convince Miss Trent that it is not above her station as a governess to fall in love with him.
Viscount Lynton comes home to find himself the heir to debts after the death of his father. When he visits his soliciter to discuss selling the family home, a marriage of convenience is suggested as an alternative. Lynton meets with Mr Chawleigh, a common Cit, and with Jenny, his plain and exquisitely shy daughter, and eventually agrees to be married.
The book concerns the quest of Hallblithe of the House of the Raven to rescue his fiance the Hostage, who has been kidnapped by pirates. It ultimately takes him to the utopian Land of the Glittering Plain, also known as the Land of The Living Men, whose inhabitants are supposedly immortal.
Charity Girl is the story of Viscount Ashley Desford and his mission to save charity girl Charity Steane from a life with her uncaring relatives. The novel also takes up the ViscOUNT's friendship with Henrietta Silverdale, his neighbor and childhood friend.
Frederica Merriville has long been in charge of her younger siblings. Since her parents' death, she has taken it upon herself to make sure that her beautiful sister Charis is well married. To further this end, she introduces herself to a distant relation, the selfish and indolent Marquis of Alverstoke, asking him to sponsor her sister into "the ton" and the subsequent Season. The Marquis is initially reluctant but agrees to sponsor the Merriille ladies out of mischief.
Simon is the illegitimate son of Geoffrey of Malvallet. He forces himself into the service of Fulk of Montlice - his natural father's most hated foe. Simon works his way up from Fulk's Page until he is on equal footing with MontlICE's son & heir, his friend Alan. He meets Geoffrey, the legitimate son of Simon's father.
John of Lancaster is the son of Henry IV and the favourite brother of Henry V. This book chronicles his life from 1393 through until 1413. Although incomplete the Historical Note at the end fills in the gaps. Uses a lot of Middle English language but includes a Glossary for easier reading in the back.
William of Normandy was born the illegitimate son of Robert, future Duke of Normandy. The book chronicles the life of William of Normandy from his birth in 1028 to his conquest of England in 1066. William has to fight to prove himself in the eyes of his people and his enemies. After the fight is won he then has to proves himself to Lady Matilda to win her love.
21-year-old Charles II and his men fail miserably to free his kingdom from the tyrannical rule of Oliver Cromwell at the Battle of Worcester. The King would rather die trying to restore the monarchy, than sit by and watch the power of the English Commonwealth grown under its corrupt leaders.
Gould's Book of Fish is a fictionalised account of the convict William Buelow Gould's life. It is set at Macquarie Harbour and elsewhere during his life in Van Diemen's Land. The book is written in the style of Gould's memoirs.
Neveryóna is the sixth and longest tale of the Return to Nevèrÿon series. It focuses on fifteen-year-old Pryn, who is extraordinary in this culture because she can read and write. Pryn's travels take her not only to explore the revolutionary forces of Gorgik's campaign-and some of its internal squabbles.
Angus has to look after his siblings while his famous soap opera actress mother works and chases men. He doesn't want to be mum's Mr Dependable or dad's Mr Reliable he just wants to be Angus. In the end, Angus gets his own back.
The novel is based on the fictional village of Cutter Gap in Cocke County, Tennessee. The main character, Christy, is romantically drawn to both the minister and the physician. Catherine Marshall, widow of Dr. Peter Marshall, has been quoted as saying the book was about 75% percent historical.
Spock and Braithewaite set out on a quest to find the man responsible for the death of his wife. They believe the man, Mordreaux, is dangerous, and that he could be capable of violence. Spock tries to go farther and farther back in time, to stop the damage to the timeline before it starts.
A central character is the dean of New York University, Spofforth, an android who has lived for centuries yet yearns to die. He brings a teacher, Paul Bentley, to New York. Bentley has taught himself to read after a Rosetta Stone-like discovery of a film with words matching those in a children's primer.
The book follows Kiki, a young witch. Her mother is also a witch, but her father is not. Kiki is now thirteen and must spend a year on her own in a town without other witches. She must use her magic abilities to earn her living. She is accompanied by her cat Jiji.
 Torchwood responds to an alien energy spike in the heart of Cardiff. People are stumbling through the streets near the river, speaking of abstract numbers. The church of St-Mary's-in-the-Dust has reappeared in Butetown. James Mayer's identity was constructed to house the consciousness of the Principal of the First Senior.
Gwen and Jack pursue Wildman, their suspect, into a half-finished building site. Tosh reports that experimental nuclear power packs have gone missing from Blaidd Drwg. Jack is attacked by a giant starfish creature lurking Gwen discovers Betty Jenkins was an impostor.
After the death of Yasser Arafat the author chose to focus on more positive and optimistic themes. Dershowitz argues that a final peace settlement will involve two states, the division of Jerusalem and a renunciation of violence. He asserts that Palestinans should not be offered more than what was during the Camp David negotiations of 2000.
The shattered city of Singapore is surrendering to the advancing Japs. Picking their way through the smoking rubble towards the quay are a struggling party of refugees. Dawn sees them far out to sea but with the first murderous dive bombers already aimed at their ship. Thus begins an ordeal few are to survive.
 NYPD Detective Michael Bennett is the lead negotiator with the gunmen. Bennett consults with the FBI, goes on a botched raid of the cathedral in which an FBI agent and an NYPD officer die. Bennett manages to free the lead gunman and the story ends with Bennett driving him back to face charges in New York City.
The novel takes place at Rubicon, a fictional science fiction convention taking place in the Virginia suburbs of Washington, DC. Appin Dungannon, a fantasy author noted for his books about hero Tratyn Runewind, is killed. James O. Mega, an electrical engineering professor at Virginia Tech, has written one novel.
Ford's Mr. Sorrel makes only a very half-hearted attempt to build modern weaponry and machinery in the Middle Ages. He does not know how to make a gun, or in fact anything that would make him useful in the medieval castle community into which he has fallen. Instead, a golden cross which he carries causes him to be mistaken for a Greek miracle-worker.
Software introduces Cobb Anderson as a retired computer scientist who was once tried for treason for figuring out how to give robots artificial intelligence and free will. By 2020, they have created a complex society on the Moon, where the boppers developed because they depend on super-cooled superconducting circuits. Anderson is approached by a robot duplicate of himself who invites him to the Moon to be given immortality. Meanwhile, the series' other main character, Sta-Hi Mooney the 1st, is kidnapped by a gang of serial killers known as the Little Kidders.
The story begins in the year 2010, which was 25 years in the future from the time of the novel's writing. The story follows a Planetfest contestant, Peron, who has just found he finished in 3rd place. This year the winners are all taken to space, where further competition will send the top 10 to meet and work with the mysterious Peron.
The novel is broken into three sections, with each titled after a portion of the novel's title: "Bone Sharps", "Cowboys", and "Thunder Lizards" The narrative is not continuous; there are significant gaps of time. Paleontologist Edward Drinker Cope is commissioned by artist Charles R. Knight to paint a painting of the sea creature Elasmosaurus.
In Black Order, the Sigma Force team members risk their lives to get to the heart of one of humankind's greatest mysteries: the origins of life itself. Much of the plot mechanics revolve around The Bell, a device that the Polish researcher Igor Witkowski claims was a Nazi anti-gravity machine. The Bell is a quantum measuring device that is said to control evolution.
In July 1986, Vince and Joy meet at a holiday camp and are immediately attracted to each other. The story picks up again in September 1993 where Vince has a girlfriend called Magda. He offers the room to a superstitious woman called Cassandra McAfee. Cassandra has a cat called Madeleine who always goes into Joy's house. Cassandra starts to get upset that her cat keeps diappearing. They eventually move in together, just before Cassandra storms into their house about the cat.
Only 19 years old, Henry F. decides to join war. He's one of the best fliers, facing Hitler's Luftwaffe in the war-torn skies above Northern France. When his plane is shot down, Henry finds himself on a whole new battlefield. Wounded, hungry, and afraid, he struggles toward freedom on foot.
The story begins with Hester and Pearl in their cabin in the woods. Pearl frequently visits a blind boy named Simon who lives in a house close to her own. Hester lets Pearl help out Liza, the caretaker of Simon. Simon reveals his lust for Pearl, and the two of them have sex while Nehemiah is away.
Carl Strople was inducted into an elite underground assassin group called the X Group. Carl and Kelly arrive in New York City with Carl's mission, kill Assim Feroz. Carl can't bring himself to pull the trigger because his mind is screaming that the President is somehow his true father.
As the book opens, Agamemnon and his fleet is anchored within sight of the burning Dardanos. Then Aeneas, known as Helikaon, appears in his ship, the Xanthos. He sets fire Kassandra must travel to the isle of Thera with Andromache, wife of Hektor. Meanwhile, the Trojan captains Banokles and Kalliades realise Odysseus has a plan.
A messenger brings news that Don Pedro, a Spanish prince from Aragon, and his officers, Claudio and Benedick, have returned from a successful battle. Leonato, the governor of Messina, welcomes the messenger and announces that Claudio's feelings for Hero, Leonato's only daughter, are rekindled. Claudio soon announces to Benedick his intention to court her. A masquerade ball is planned in celebration, giving a disguised Don Don John, "The Bastard
Ramona's world is changing. There's tiny baby Roberta at home, and as Ramona adjusts to being a big sister she discovers she likes teaching her to do things like stick out her tongue. In fourth grade now, she finally has a best girlfriend, new student Daisy Kidd. Ramona's rivalry with Susan, her nemesis since kindergarten, continues.
Bruno Salvador, known as Salvo, is the orphaned, illegitimate son of an Irish Catholic missionary and a native Congolese woman. He is educated in England, and as a fluent speaker and aficionado of "disappearing indigenous languages of Eastern Congo" He finds a natural calling as a specialist interpreter, employed by London's hospitals, law courts, city corporations, and British intelligence.
Final year novice Kyarra is disappointed when she is forbidden from going to the beach to try to contact the merlee. She fears that she will be rejected and turned into an orderly. Her Night Plume, leader of a flock of quetzal, is annoyed to be sent for by the Starmaker - Frazhin. He is using the khiz to brainwash and control groups of half-creatures.
The story focuses on a 12-year-old girl called Hekja. Her two brothers and father have all died. She comes to the aid of a small puppy who was attacked by a seagull. Girls in the village stay on the mountain when they become of age.
Duff Pringle is heading across the country, aiming for his new job in California's Silicon Valley. His used Ford Escort barely makes it a hundred miles from home before breaking down. There are several characters in this story including Bonnie, an aspiring singer with a con artist for a mother and Moony, a terrier dog prone to carsickness.
Set in 2030-2031, ten years after the events of Software, Wetware focuses on the attempt of an Edgar Allan Poe-obsessed bopper named Berenice to populate Earth with a robot/human hybrid called a meatbop. The Belle of Louisville, a steamboat of historic significance located in Louisville, Kentucky, occurs as a character in the book.
Mickle, once a common street urchin, is now the queen of Westmark. The kingdom is thriving, yet at the same time, it is strangely restless. The book raises moral questions, especially about choices, the effects of having power, and the evil that seems necessary to prosecute a war.
The novel takes place in suburban Iowa and in New York City, around the middle of the 21st century. The Midwestern Farm Belt states are ruled by a coalition of the Christian right, known as "undergoders" The coastal states more closely resemble present-day urban America, with generally permissive social attitudes and artistic ferment.
The novel opens with five friends out for a night of drinking and occasional brawling. The group embarks on a search for the missing boy, which soon transforms into something far more sinister. The search comes to involve aliens, a crazy and highly lethal Spark Lord, and a criminal gang nearly as bad.
Clockers follows intertwining storylines of low level cocaine dealer Ronald "Strike" Dunham and homicide detective Rocco Klein. Strike works in the drug organization of Rodney Little, a friendly but violent drug lieutenant of local drug lord Champ. The novel ends with Rocco driving Strike into NYC, where a drug mule tries to get Strike to buy him a bus ticket.
Chester W. Chester IV inherits a run-down mansion and millions in back taxes. In order to pay the taxes, he decides to auction off the mansion and its contents, including a massive computer. While examining the mansion, he finds the computer can solve complex problems involving historical fact and display realistic images of them. He hits on the idea of using its capabilities to create an elaborate hoax ... a fake time machine.
The book deals with the rebellion of the Cretans against the Ottoman Empire in the year 1889. Freedom or Death was added as a subtitle to the second edition in Greek released by Difros publishers in Athens in 1955. In the UK the book was published as Freedom and Death.
The book takes place in 1850 partially in Mexico but the main setting is London. The story starts of with Jack Harkett, a street urchin living on the docks of London. During the voyage, Sir Donald killed, one by one, some tribe people helping them and got hold of some bats which are Vampires.
The novel opens in 54 BC, with Caesar in the middle of his epochal Gallic campaigns, having just invaded Britannia. The first half of the novel deals broadly with the conclusion of his conquests in Gaul. The second half narrates the growing sense of unease in Rome concerning Caesar's intentions.
The Ballad of the White Horse is a poem by G. K. Chesterton. Alfred disguises himself as a minstrel in order to meet the Danish chieftains. The poem was a significant influence on J.R. R. Tolkien's The Lord of the Rings. Howard frequently numbers Chesterton among his favorite poets.
The novel revolves around the twelve-year-old protagonist named Baby and follows her for two years. Baby lives with her father Jules, who has a worsening heroin addiction. The two move frequently, to various places around Montreal, where they encounter many other characters, among them junkies, bums, pimps, and abused children.
Zak skips down the stairs two at a time, and his dog, George skids on the linoleum, and they enter the kitchen. When Zak sat at the counter, his mother made him a ham and cheese sandwich, and he made a yucky face. His mother told him that this is not a restaurant and that she wants to see that sandwich gone. When his mother turned around, he made George eat his sandwich.
On the grossly-overpopulated planet, remnants of "nature" exist only in the isolated areas not covered by housing, industry and industrial farming. Creativity and individuality are suppressed and channeled into rigid social formats. A powerful bureaucracy/police state oversees the acts of all citizens. Its purpose is to maintain control for the planetary elite.
David Morton is a Mossad who begins tracking the movements of several Arabs. He intercepts calls about a trade of two million U.S dollars for an unknown item. After tracking their movements into the Chinese jungle he discovers that it is a high probability he is dealing with agents hired by a terrorist, Raza.
James Choke is sent to a children's care home after his mother dies from an alcohol related incident. He meets Kyle Blueman, a CHERUB agent, who recruits him. James is admitted into Cherub and must complete Basic Training. Before this he must learn to swim as he has a fear of swimming. He is taught by Amy Collins, a sixteen-year-old cherub in which he passes.
James, Kerry, Nicole, Kyle, and James are sent on a mission to infiltrate a drug gang called KMG. On the mission, James has to work to befriend Keith's youngest son, Junior. The four agents are exposed to drugs and on the mission Nicole snorts a large amount of cocaine. She gets expelled because agents are not allowed to take drugs, especially Class A drugs.
Nazi Reich turns all the inhabitants of a Mexican town into human robots. The swashbuckling daredevil El Sombra is their only hope. The British Empire still controlling the world, the Nazi Reich resorts to bizarre and horrifying experiments. The film was released in Germany in 1945.
Pietro Zastrozzi, an outlaw, and his two servants, Bernardo and Ugo, disguised in masks, abduct Verezzi from the inn near Munich where he lives and take him to a cavern hideout. Matilda seeks to persuade Verezzo to marry her, but he is in love with Julia. The truth is revealed that Julia is still alive. Vereelli is so distressed at his betrayal that he kills himself. Zastozzi and Matilda are arrested for murder.
The first part of the novel begins with the spend-the-days, in which the grandchildren congregate at Ammachi and Appachi's home. Daryl Uncle returns to Sri Lanka from Australia to investigate allegations of government torture. Arjie begins to understand the concept of ethnicity and the Tamil-Sinhalese conflict.
Dr. Morton Hander practiced a strange brand of psychiatry. Among his specialties were fraud, extortion and sexual manipulation. Hander paid for his sins when he was brutally murdered in his luxurious Pacific Palisades apartment. The police have no leads, but they do have one possible witness: seven-year-old Melody Quinn.
Artist Alex Doyle and his new family, bride Courtney and her 11 year old brother Colin, are moving from Philadelphia to San Francisco. Alex and Colin are driving there in Alex's new Ford Thunderbird. The car is being tailed by a van; a van driven by a psychopath intent on terrorizing them.
Puppets - living puppets - convince his half-witted assistant to kill him and set them free. When freed from the puppet master, who they had once thought of as cruel and thoughtless, they find themselves in an even worse situation. They strive to free themselves once again, and find that their perfect life they'd thought they had created has turned against them.
Monk is horrified when he learns there's going to be a blue flu in San Francisco - until Captain Stottlemeyer explains that it just means the police plan to call in "sick" until they get a better contract. But before he knows it, Monk has his badge back, and his own squad to command.
James is joined on a new mission by Dave Moss and his sister Lauren Adams. The mission focuses on Jane Oxford, an international arms dealer who has been untraceable for as long as she has been on the CIA's most wanted list. But then they come across a breakthrough: Jane's son Curtis Oxford has been jailed for murdering three innocent people.
Is Twite is a character introduced in 'Dido and Pa' as Dido's previously unsuspected half-sister. She is now living on Blackheath Edge near London with a third, older, sister, Penelope and their cat Figgin. When they save a stranger from the wolves that are running wild in the area, Is takes on the task of continuing the man's search for his missing son Arun. She travels into London to consult with old friends, and there meets the king of England, James III, who also asks her to look for his own missing son David.
Vida Winter, a famous novelist in England, has evaded journalists' questions about her past, from simply refusing to answer their inquiries to spinning elaborate tales. With her health quickly fading, Ms. Winter enlists Margaret Lea, a bookish amateur biographer, to hear her story and write her autobiography. Lea finds the process of unraveling the past for Winter bringing her to confront her own ghosts.
Le Marsupilami descend sur la ville, 1955. Noël d'un bagarreur, 1956. Les patins téléguidés, 1957. Tarzan, 1977. La cage, 1965 #1420. Capturer un marsupillami, 1977-1981. 15 short gags from 1968-1972.
Three kids by the name of Carlie, Harvey, and Thomas J. go to live at a foster home with Mr. and Mrs. Mason. The Masons have been foster parents for 17 kids already. Carlie thinks it's a stupid place and is quite skeptical. But she has to stay there until her mother and stepfather work out their problems.
This is the story of Miles Roby, the unassuming manager of the Empire Grill in Empire Falls, Maine. He has an ex-wife, Janine, who has become a cocky, selfish bachelorette. Miles is plagued by flashbacks of his family when he was a child, including a mysterious affair.
The book is broken down into three sections, excluding the prologue and epilogue. Part one: Invincibility, Part two: The Kingdom of Momentum, Part three: The Momentum of Change. Candy and her boyfriend try to get clean several times in the story. After their attempts they "reward" themselves with a "blast"
The novel is set at the end of World War II in the Netherlands. Apart from the prologue and epilogue, the story is a first-person narrative. Rachel Stein is a Jewish woman who is forced to flee to Belgium. She joins a resistance group led by Gerben Kuipers and takes the alias Ellis de Vries.
The book describes an alternate history to the life of Jesus Christ as depicted in the Bible. It begins with Jesus's conception, in the spiritual presence of God. Jesus becomes a prophet of God, continuing to work miracles but also preaching. The novel ends with Jesus' realisation that God's plan, and the ensuing centuries of torture, slaughter and misery that Christianity will bring, will proceed despite his efforts.
Cija is the illegitimate child of the Dictatress of a small kingdom and a priest of high rank. She was kept in a tower and looked after by servants until she turned 17. Cija is secretly instructed by her mother to seduce and kill Zerd. Eventually she succeeds neither in killing Zerd, nor in warning the Atlantean empire about the invaders. She ends up being married to Zerd and becoming Empress of Atlan.
 platform 13 of King's Cross Station in London has been closed for years. Changes to the platform always result in failure for mysterious reasons. The reason is that the platform hides a gump, described as an "opening that opens once every nine years for nine days". The gump leads to the Island, a mythical paradise filled with both normal and magical creatures.
The novel is set at the start of the twentieth century and deals with the orphaned boy Álfgrímur, his adoptive grandparents, and the small, tolerant community of misfits and eccentrics they gather around them at Brekkukot. The original name of the book in Icelandic is 'Brekkukotsannáll'
Eugenides, the Thief of Eddis, has been caught spying on the Queen of Attolia. He expects to be hanged, but the Queen instead resorts to an ancient traditional custom - she has his right hand struck off with a sword. Attolia, an apparently heartless ruler, secretly regrets her action, but must live with the consequences of it.
The story centers on two characters Barker has used in his previous work: private investigator Harry D'Amour, a character seen in several previous stories such as the novel Everville and the short story "The Last Illusion" ; and a being known only as "Pinhead", an extra-dimensional entity residing in a world bordering our own. Pinhead and Harry are depicted as adversaries. Roughly two thirds of the story will take place in Hell itself.
 Falco and family visit old friends and family up in Londinium. The body of a close friend of Togidubnus is found in a well. Suddenly, Falco's friend Petro appears. What is really puzzling is why all these things are happening in only a certain group of taverns.
Robert trains to be a doctor at the fictional Levenford Infirmary. He falls in love with Jean Law, a young medical student belonging to the Plymouth Brethren. She rejects him when she discovers that he has deceived her about his history and religion. He develops an interest in a disease contracted from infected cows' milk. It turns out to be brucellosis.
In the Grand Army's desperate fight to crush the Separatists, the secret special ops missions of its elite clone warriors have never been more critical...or more dangerous. As the lines continue to blur between friend and enemy, citizens-from civilians and sergeants, to Jedi and generals-find themselves up against a new foe: the doubt in their hearts and mind.
The book includes quotes, interviews, and anecdotes with such individuals as Steve Jobs, Bill Gates, Carl Rohde and Michael Robertson. Levy writes in a shuffled set of chapters, focusing on the "perfect" aspects of the iPod. In an author's note, Levy writes, *Perfect *Identity *Origin *Cool *Personal *Download *Shuffle *Apple *Podcast *Coda
The Hex gene is in danger of extinction. The city has become even more dangerous for anyone possessing the Hex gene. A small but powerful resistance army is forming and planning to fight back even as the computer system they rely upon might contain an enemy that could ruin their plans.
Most of the novel revolves around Giogi's efforts to locate and recover an important family heirloom that goes missing just as he is returning to Immersea. Giogi is aided in his efforts by Olive Ruskettle, a female halfling, and a female apprentice mage named Cat. As the story progresses it is revealed that Cat is actually Flattery's agent and that Flattery himself is an un-aging creation of a forgotten ancestor named Finder Wyvernspur.
The story is set in Brooklyn, New York in the mid-1920s and deals with the widow of an Occultist, Portia Differdale, and Princess Tchernova, a wealthy and beautiful Russian werewolf. Both women desire the same man, Owen Edwardes.
The novel comprises 131 vignettes about World War I marines in Company K. The novel is told from the viewpoint of 131 different marines, stretching from the beginning of training to the end of the war. Many of the accounts stem from actual events witnessed and experienced by the author. March maintained that the content was based on truth and should be viewed as an affirmation of life.
After coming back from a mission with Shakeel, James is dumped by his girlfriend, Kerry Chang. As he leaves Kerry's room, he sees a red-shirt CHERUB called Andy Lagan and takes his temper out on him, beating him up. For this, James finds his friends ignoring him, and is punished with no holiday, suspension from missions, cleaning the mission preparation rooms every night for three months, and having anger management sessions with a counselor. Zara feels sorry for James, so she gets him a low-risk mission to get him out of the punishment and so he can spend some time away from his friends blanking him. For a second time, he is working with Dave, a 17 year old black shirt. They are being sent to investigate Leon Tarasov who runs a garage.
The book offers in-depth analyses of linkages between urban restructuring and social exclusion against the backdrop of trends in urban governance across the European Union. The aim is to clarify the relationship between new urban spaces and the emergence of new forms of polity, economy, and urban life.
In The Rise of the Black Wolf, Max and his fellow Grey Griffins set off on another adventure, traveling to Scotland to visit Max's father for the winter holidays. The four friends explore Lord Sumner's ancient castle, and the dark forest that surrounds it. Once again, theGrey Griffins must do battle with Fireball Pixies, an army of Werewolves, andThe Black Witch, Morgan LaFey.
Morn Hyland escaped with Captain Nick Succorso aboard his ship, the Captain's Fancy. As part of a deal Morn made with Angus, she will not reveal to anyone that she has a zone implant - a device. The Amnion are a race of creatures whose society is centered around their ability to manipulate DNA. They intend on dominating the human species through use of mutagens.
Morn Hyland's recently forcegrown child, Davies Hyland. Despite being only a few days old, the forcegrowing technique the Amnion used on him have made him physically resemble a sixteen year old boy. Morn suffers Captain Nick Succorso, aboard his ship the Captain's Fancy, is furious at Morn for not only making him think that she loved him, but, more recently, for diverting the escape pod containing her son away from The Amn
In the aftermath of the thwarted terrorist attack on Captain Sixten Vertigus, the United Western Bloc Senior Member to the Governing Council of Earth and Space. Hashi Lebwohl attempts to investigate how security failed to stop the attack. Meanwhile, a cyborg named Angus Thermopyle is fleeing the newly destroyed Billingate installation in Forbidden.
Admiral Fanning is instructed by the Slipstream Pilot to move his fleet against Mavery. He decides to divert part of the fleet including the ship Rook to attack the hidden Falcon Formation ship dock. Fanning decides to make a detour in order to recover the fabled treasure of Antene, the map to which is hidden in the Winding Tree of Fate artifact.
Morn Hyland, an ensign with the United Mining Companies Police, is on her first mission aboard the UMCP destroyer Starmaster. Morn suffers from gap-sickness, a mental disorder that inflicts itself on a small portion of people who travel through the Gap. In Morn, it manifests itself as an uncontrollable urge to engage self-destruct, and is triggered by exposure to 'heavy g'
Set in pre-Second World War era England, both Nazism and filmmaking are on the rise. Characters in Prater Violet are used to personify various aspects of the enigmatic creative process. Isherwood also uses his characters to express the varying views about Hitler, mainly the alarming measure of indifference prevalent during the 1930s.
The Tragedy tells the story of Mariam, a member of the Hasmonean dynasty and the second wife of Herod the Great, king of Palestine 39-4 B.C. Though Mariam is the title character and the play's moral center, her part in the play amounts to only about 10% of the whole. The play also explores the themes of divorce and female agency through the characters of both Mariam and Salome.
Ernest Ralph Gorse, a suave psychopath and conman, relocates to Reading, Berkshire, to stay at the home of a wealthy friend who is visiting Paris. Gorse meets Joan Plumleigh-Bruce at a pub and decides to target her in a fraud scheme. When she realizes she has been duped, and Gorse has cleaned out their joint account, she flees Reading.
The book is told from the perspective of an unnamed narrator who lives next to Tinker Creek, in the Blue Ridge Mountains near Roanoke, Virginia. Over the course of a year, the narrator observes and reflects upon the changing of the seasons as well as the flora and fauna near her home. Pilgrim is thematically divided into four sections-one for each season-consisting of separate, named chapters.
Le Colonel Chabert is famous for its in medias res opening. The novella juxtaposes two world-views: the Napoleonic value-system, founded on honour and military valour; and that of the Restoration. In the modern era, all that matters is social rank based upon the possession of money, especially inherited wealth.
The novel begins with a short prologue that relates the short ride of Kh. The world is devoid of life, nothing more than gray sludge. The only two surviving creatures are, Par-Salian, master of magic, and Astinus, the immortal being that chronicles all of time as it passes.
FBI agent Cynna Weaver teams up with sorcerer Cullen Seabourne to help identify elected officials who have accepted demonic pacts. But the passion simmering between them-and their investigation-spiral out of control when an ancient prophecy is fulfilled. The series premieres on October 31 at 9 p.m. ET.
Former homicide cop Lily Yu has a lot on her plate. Her sister's wedding, a missing magical staff with unknown powers, and her grandmother's sudden decision to visit the old country. Maybe she should turn to the man she's involved with, but for all the passion that flares between them, she doesn't really know Rule Turner.
Lily Yu is a San Diego police detective investigating a series of grisly murders. To hunt down the killer, she must infiltrate the clans. Only one man can help her - a werewolf named Rule Turner. Rule has his own reasons for helping the investigation - reasons he doesn't want to share.
Eileen's story in the Lover Beware anthology is entitled Only Human. In it Lily is a Chinese-American detective working with the city of San Diego on a murder that appears to be the work of a werewolf. But, if she wants to find out who the killer is, she'll have to get inside the clans.
Two world-class cynics land in a world where magic is commonplace, lying is an artform, and night never ends. Their only way home lies in working together to find a missing medallion sought by powerful beings who would do anything to claim it. The film is directed by David Lean.
This story begins at the exact time that Dragon's Egg ended, picking up the plot perfectly. Starquake centers around two crises. The first is when the human ship is damaged, and the Cheela must repair the ship before tidal forces kill the humans aboard. The second half of the story tells the heroic tale of how the space-bound Cheela eventually are able to land again on the surface.
Kitiara's Son is the story of Steel Brightblade, the child of Kitiara uth Matar and Sturm Brightblade. The Legacy tells the tale of Palin Majere, the son of Caramon and the nephew of Raistlin Majere. Gilthas is a young boy who is rebellious against his parents.
After an initial meeting on the beach years earlier, Tilly meets the long divorced Geoffrey at a party. She soon divorces her husband and Geoffrey moves in with her. Tilly has problems with Geoffrey's fundamental dishonesty and his refusal to share his family with her and Tilly is resentful at simply being a 'pleat' in the family economy.
The book centers around the postpartum depression of its female protagonist, Catherine McKenna, a Northern Irish music teacher and composer living in Scotland. She engages her depression through the cathartic and intuitive composition of music. The title is an explicit reference to grace notes, which a character in the novel terms as "the notes between the notes".
In Spirou in New York, the Italian Mafia of New York are dismayed as their criminal activities seem to be cursed. Don Vito "Lucky" Cortizone, the Mafia Godfather, initiates a plan put forward by his second-in-command, Alfredo, to reverse their uncannily rotten luck. The Mafia believe they are receiving a talisman to counteract their misfortune.
The play begins with three pages disputing over the black cloak usually worn by the actor who delivers the prologue. In the play proper, the goddess Diana, or Cynthia, has ordained a "solemn revels" in the valley of Gargaphie in Greece. Two symbolic masques are performed within the play for the assembled revelers.
In La frousse aux trousses, Spirou and Fantasio intend to make a journey to Touboutt-Chan in order to clarify the fate of Adrien Maginot and Günter Siegfried. However the two journalists have trouble finding the funds necessary to the achievement of their project. They are then contacted by Doctor Placebo, who is persuaded that frightening experiences are a sure-fire cure for hiccups. He offers the two heroes funding for the trip, on condition that they take along the patients.
Spirou and Fantasio are carried away by a furious torrent during their passage through Touboutt-Chan. Fantasio is soon infected by a mosquito carrying a virus, making him act extremely crazy. He runs off into the wild, and Spirou is forced to begin exploration of the area with only Spip as a companion.
Spirou and Fantasio are taken by the DST for the KGB which needs them. Moscow is being terrorised by the mysterious 'White Prince of the Russian Mafia', Tanaziof. Zantafio is planning to abduct the body of Lenin and to ask the Russian government for a huge ransom for its return.
The book tells the story of two runners, Beardsley and Salazar. The title comes from the two men's shadows cast by the hot sun onto the pavement as they run "in each other's pockets" during the final miles of the race. After the race, the lives of both runners spiral downhill.
Infortunio is in love with Selina &mdash; but she is set to marry the elderly Rufaldo. The frustrated Infortunio loses his sanity, and wanders through the countryside. Selina discovers that she does love him, but only on the eve of her wedding day. Antonio, her brother, pretends to search for her; but he actually disguises himself in her wedding gown.
In 1880, Pa Ingalls and his family live on a claim in Dakota Territory. An old Native American man warns of seven months of blizzards. Food and fuel become scarce and expensive, as the town depends on trains to bring supplies. Eventually, the railroad company suspends all efforts to dig out the trains that are snowed in at Tracy.
The main character, Courtney, is a very unlucky girl. Her father walked out on her mom and her when she was little. To make matters worse, her mom died leaving Courtney alone with her stepfather. To put the cherry on the icing, she is sent to a nursing home. There she meets an old lady named Elva, and another named May, who suffers from Alzheimers.
Sarah Millwood, a London prostitute, schemes to find some innocent young man "who, having never injured women, would apprehend no injury from them" to seduce and exploit for money. She observes young George Barnwell in town, and she invites him to her house for supper. At supper she seduces him with irresistible flattery, and he succumbs to her wiles.
Last Man Standing is a complex psychological thriller. At the center of this novel is a team of alpha males. These are the good guys in a world with a lot of bad guys. The FBI makes the judgment call that sends HRT into action. When there is a screw up, the blame tends to go directly to HRT.
The novel is set in the Republic of Ireland during the period of economic expansion that took place in the 1960s. The narrative is concerned with an attempt by property developer, Francis O'Rourke, to erect a new office block in the centre of Dublin. As the story unfolds, Cleeve highlights examples of corruption in Irish political and business life at that time.
The book is a fictional autobiography, describing the life of Maximilien Aue. Aue accepts responsibility for his actions in massacres of the Jews. Most of the time he feels more like an observer than a direct participant. The book is divided into seven chapters, each named after a baroque dance.
The story begins as Flavia, Jonathan, Nubia, and Lupus are playing in the Tyrrhenian sea. Flavia sets out to find Vulcan, who told Pliny of the riddle pointing to great treasure. Vulcan gives Miriam, who is in love, a bracelet. A Christian warns everyone of doom and desolation.
Lammas Night tells the story of a group of English witches who act to save their country from Nazi attack during World War II. Woven within the story are the visions and fragmented memories of one male witch, who gradually comes to realize his role in an ancient cycle of royal death, reincarnation, and sacrifice.
The novel is set in Ireland's rural north-west. It focuses on an adolescent and his emerging sexuality. It is seen through the lens of the strained and complex relationship he has with his father, Mahoney. The novel is published by Simon & Schuster at £16.99.
He argues that humans are now in a period of transition from a stable agricultural society through a transitional industrial and/or information society. He asserts that mankind will develop a stable automated society. The automated society will be one where everyone will have just about everything they want without physical effort.
Tom Abraham served as an officer in the 1st Cavalry Unit. He was captured by the Vietcong, before escaping and finding his unit again. After the war he claimed to have suffered post-traumatic stress. After being arrested by the police suffered a breakdown. The book is divided into four sections, the first is about his time in England.
Main character Pavana Leslie is returning to Belize following a vacation in the United States to take up a post at the Women's Department. Pavana must deal with her past relations with Bennett and Abrams in London and the decision that changed her life. When tragedy strikes, Pavanamust draw on all her resources to come up with a solution- to Belmopan's problems and her own.
The novel focuses on the McDonald family, who live a hand-to-mouth existence. Brendan Courtney O'Brien, scion of a wealthy Irish family, falls in love with the eldest of the McDonald children, Erika. Erika's younger brother, Jimmy, is something of a rebel, always getting into trouble.
Raeford Benton Lynch, nephew to the bald Jeeter, is a cipher, remarkable only for being gangly and horse-faced. On a whim, he accepts a job "digging holes" for Mr. Claude Ellwyn Overhill, who drives a motley assortment of riff-raff around the south. Jane Elizabeth Firesheets, for some inscrutable reason, takes a fancy to him.
Professor Ewart Masters convalesces at the home of his nephew, after an automobile accident. There he discovers the existence of an ancient Cimmerian city beneath the Yorkshire moors. He proceeds to have dream adventures in the realms of the Great Old Ones. The book is published by Hodder & Stoughton at £16.99.
A series of explosions occur at seemingly unimportant sites in the United States. These sites happen to be the locations where transatlantic cables from Europe and Asia reach the U.S. The attacks are immediately blamed on the Chinese. Two investigators are sent to investigate the incidents. They soon uncover an underground science of genomics and nanotech working on human-computer integration.
Callista is set in the mid-3rd century in the city of Sicca Veneria in the Roman province of Africa. It deals with the persecution of the Christians community under Emperor Decius. The main character of the novel is Callista, a young and beautiful Greek girl.
 born with preternatural powers, the infant Alaric had been found by foster parents abandoned on a hillside, newborn and naked, with a bloody, severed hand clutching his ankles. Older and with those powers on full display, he suddenly found himself rejected by his foster family, branded a witch-child. The novel details his journey to uncover the secrets of his own past.
Faye Smallwood is an inhabitant of a colony planet named Demoth. The vast majority of the inhabitants of Demoth belong to a race or species called the Oolom. After seven years of training, she undergoes the mushor, which entails the implantation of a neurological "link seed" in her brain. Faye survives only through the incomprehensible intervention of a swirl of light and energy that protects her, and her alone.
Alison Parker, a beautiful but troubled fashion model moves into a gorgeous New York City brownstone house that has been divided into apartments. The house is inhabited on the top floor by Father Francis Matthew Halloran, a reclusive blind Catholic priest. It soon becomes apparent that Alison's life is beset for a number of reasons. She had a horrible relationship with her recently deceased father, and has narrowly survived at least one suicide attempt.
Ethan Fortune learns that scientists at the outpost of Brass Monkey have detected a steady warming in the planet's atmosphere. This has caused something not seen in generations on the planet: open water on the ice oceans of Tran-Ky-Ky. Fortune takes the giant icerigger Slanderscree with a crew of Trans to investigate.
Ex-king Jorian of Xylar and Dr. Karadur flee the revolt-stricken city of Iraz in the bathtub of its lately deceased monarch Ishbahar, borne through the air by Gorax. The plan miscarries, and the hapless rescuers are promptly arrested for trespassing. They attempt to accumulate resources for another attempt to recover Estrildis.
The novel is set in Victorian England. Clyde Beatty, a private investigator, is hired by Angela Meredith to investigate her father's death. His investigations lead him to a nursing home in Surrey, directed by the sinister Dr. Horace Couchman. Dr. Couchman flees to London leading Beatty eventually to the eerie Brockwood Cemetery and a criminal conspiracy involving millions of pounds worth of gold bullion.
The novel is the story of a young Egyptologist, Thomas Ashley, who, while on an archeological expedition, discovers ancient Egyptian secrets of resurrection and immortality. Accompanied by the beautiful Arabella Cunningaham, the two are menaced by a horror spawned by an ancient curse.
Kai Lung adventures usually serve as mere excuses to bring up side stories along the way. This is one of the few books that has a purposeful main narrative as well as intriguing side stories. A sage, finding sleep to be an unwelcome obstruction to his pursuit of enlightenment, cuts off his eyelids and throws them away. A shrub whose leaves look like the sage's eyelids is rediscovered and used to make a potion. The last scion of a deposed dynasty overth
The plot concerns the inept attempts of a variety of suitors to win the hand of Audrey Turfe, the daughter of a Middlesex constable. Jonson borrows elements from the Classical plays of Aristophanes and Plautus. The play was published with a motto from Catullus: Inficeto est inficetior rure.
Sacred Games delves into many emotionally charged worlds of contemporary India. Money and corruption form the golden thread. In interweaving narratives and voices, Sacred Games takes on even larger themes, from the wrenching violence of the 1947 partition of India to the specter of nuclear terrorism.
Jenny Warden, a care-assistant in a retirement home, is in a loveless marriage, and has a lover. She befriends Stella Newland, a resident with cancer. Stella slowly reveals to Jenny the events of her own life, which in some ways parallels Jenny's.
This story is written in three first-person narrations, the first and longest of which is the memoir-confession of Tim Cornish. Tim, a would-be novelist of twenty-four, has just received his master's degree. He travels to Alaska for a nature-exploration cruise with his somewhat older male lover, Ivo, a paleontologist who will be lecturing during the cruise.
This is set in the 1990s, with flashbacks to 1905 via Asta's diary. Asta and her husband Rasmus have come to east London from Denmark with their two sons. With Rasmus constantly away on business, Asta keeps loneliness and isolation at bay by writing her diary.
When Sandor snatches Joe from the path of a London tube train, he makes it clear that Joe's life now belongs to him. Sandor begins to tell him a mysterious story and teaches Joe that he is a "gallowglass", the servant of a chief. Some years earlier, Sandor had taken part in the kidnapping of a former model, Nina.
The story is told by Faith Severn, who at the prompting of a true-crime writer recounts her memories of her aunt, the prim, fastidious, and snobbish Vera Hillyard. Vera's life is initially centred on her beautiful younger sister, Eden, even to the exclusion of her own son, Francis.
The Roman centurion Vitellan enters into multiple periods of hibernation through a concotion developed from snow-dwelling insects. He 'emerges' into various periods throughout history, many times assisting the locals in defending themselves from outside threats. The novel continues into the future, where several organizations vie for the control of Vitesllan.
The use of the weapon in the first book has led to storms that sweep the planet. A group of magicians thinks it has the way to stop the storms: Dragonwall. But when Dragonwall's true purpose is discovered, it's up to the priestess to destroy it by any means necessary.
Rebels from Australia hatch a plot to bring some of the U.S. technology back to their homes. In isolated pockets of what used to be America, humans fight stylized duels in small, biodiesel-powered airplanes. In a land where chivalry and honor are everything, what happens when rebels from Australia, enamored of the amazing technology held by the Americans?
Mirrorsun, which orbits earth and prevents electrical machines from functioning, had been defunct for some time. When it comes back to life with a vengeance, the new Highliber must reform the Calculor, a large computer whose components are human beings. At the same time, Americans are working with an underground group to bring their airplanes and weapons to Australia.
Socialists seek to obliterate the distinction between government and society. Law makers often shape law to plunder the people and benefit themselves. Only under a law of justice will mankind achieve God's design for the peaceful and prosperous progress of humanity. The proposition that law should extend wealth and happiness to everyone is the road to serfdom.
In the original novel, Morley travels back in time to head off World War I. In this version, he also has a personal desire to travel in time. His motive to visit the spring of 1911 is to see the brief- Morley is able to eavesdrop on a clandestine meeting between Z and Theodore Roosevelt. The original timeline, with the Project, is now back in place.
Mother Wolff is a rather resolute cleaning lady. She is married to a somewhat clumsy and timid ship carpenter by the name of Julius Wolff. The story begins as she comes home with an illegally poached roebuck, where her daughter Leontine is waiting for her. Mother Wolff steals the coat in order to sell it to Wulkow.
Make Love! The Bruce Campbell Way follows Bruce Campbell through his trials and tribulations with the movie Let's Make Love. The movie is written by Kevin Jarre, directed by Mike Nichols and produced by Robert Evans. By the end of the book, Bruce is fighting to keep his role and seeing Let's make Love sliding from an A- list movie to a B-List movie supposedly due to the B-Movie actor curse.
The story, a Victorian thriller, involves Professor John Coleridge, who is a guest at Castle Homolky. While staying at the castle, a huge black wolf is discovered with preternatural powers. When the beast is at last killed with silver bullets, it is found to be part man and part wolf.
The story concerns Mary Stevenson Crye, a newly widowed housewife, who turns to freelance writing to provide for her family. Her typewriter, which is demonically possessed, involves her in a series of occult experiences, including with her dead husband, among other things.
The story concerns an offer made to H. P. Lovecraft by a fascist sympathizer, George Sylvester Viereck. His offer is to have Lovecraft write a political tract in the nature of an American Mein Kampf. In return, Viereck promises the publication of a volume of Lovecraft's stories.
Murdoch meets a young woman named Anne Patterson when she trips over Sir Charles's kitten. It turns out later that she is a physician in the new fusion. Lee suddenly goes into spasms and loses consciousness during a dinner with Murdoch and Anne. He is rushed to a local hospital, and then she is transferred to a special unit created to deal with a new outbreak.
A young lion wants to shoot a man who walks through the jungle. The man is revealed to be a circus man. Finchfinger persuades the reluctant lion to come with him to the circus. He then becomes more like a man, standing on his back paws, wearing clothes, playing golf.
Timothy Carrier is an unassuming stonemason who, while having a beer at his regular bar, is accidentally mistaken for a hitman. The real killer arrives soon afterwards, and Tim manages to bluff him by pretending to be The hitman had actually been working for an American politician who's part of a shadowy conspiracy.
Jeff Greene is a second grade student who comes home one day to find his mother, Melody, has left. Jeff is heartbroken and withdraws himself. He begins to fail his classes and doesn't open up to anyone about his feelings. His father becomes convinced he is on drugs but finds out the truth and decides to make a change for Jeff's good.
The book starts with a 14 year old boy called Andy Pierce witnessing his mother getting assaulted by two masked men who are working for the Animal Freedom Militia. The book then skips to Kerry being annoyed by her boyfriend, James. James is then sent on a mission to bring down the AFM.
The novel takes place in 1955-56 Berlin at the beginning of the Cold War. centres on the joint CIA/MI6 operation to build a tunnel. Leonard Marnham is a 25-year-old Englishman who sets up and repairs the tape recorders used in the tunnel.
David Rivers, a 24-year-old substitute teacher, moves back to Georgia after spending several months in California fleeing from an undisclosed incident. David suffers from visions of a treacherous black creature he calls the Llapasllaly. David becomes increasingly disenchanted with his life in California, his depression culminates with the discovery of his girlfriend's unfaithfulness.
The book is basically the "easy" short form of the joseph tetrology. The "moral of the story" is that the reader is made aware of the ideas of medieval Christianity. The book closes with a meeting between Pope Gregory and his mother. Gregory goes on to become one of the wisest popes in history.
In Victorian London, Alice, the wife of scientist-explorer Langdon St. Ives, is murdered by his arch-nemesis, the hunchback Dr. Ignacio Narbondo. In the process St.Ives gains access to a powerful device created by Lord Kelvin, which allows him to travel through time. Note that the plot description of this book is wrong.
Four years after the events depicted in The Death of Achilles, Fandorin is still serving as the Deputy for Special Assignments to Moscow governor Prince Dolgurukoi. Momos and Mimi escape, but not before Mimi and Tulipov have a romantic encounter. The Decorator believes he makes ugly women beautiful.
Lucky is a young girl who lives in a small town called Hard Pan in the California desert. Her mother died two years ago from being electrocuted. Her father called upon his first ex-wife, Brigitte, to come to the United States from France to take care of Lucky. Lucky fears that Brigitte is tired of being her guardian and of their life in Hard Pan.
This book has no words, but is told in pictures. A boy is at the beach and finds an old camera. He takes the film to get it developed, and sees photos of fantastical undersea cities and inventions. The boy figures out that he is one in a long line of photographers who have found this camera.
The story begins with Yoko Kawashima living in Nanam, a city in northern Korea. When Korea becomes dangerous, Yoko and her family must return to Japan. Her brother, Hideyo, also tries to flee but he is separated from his family because he tried out for the army and purposefully failed the written test.
The novel revolves around two Berlin families. One is the upper-class Treibel family consisting of the Councillor of commerce and his wife, Frau Jenny. The other family is that of Professor Wilibald Schmidt and his daughter Corinna. The families have a connection that has already existed for decades.
Flight of the Old Dog is the story of a secret highly modified B-52 bomber flying into Russia on an impromptu strike mission. The technology tested in the plane is later adapted and fitted into two B-1 bombers that are sent to attack the Soviet laser after it destroys an American space defense satellite. The Old Dog enters Soviet airspace and engages PVO fighters before and after destroying the laser.
The story has obvious overtones of freeing the author's homeland from its Soviet occupiers. The novel is about a group of freedom fighters who attempt the nearly hopeless task of liberating planet Earth from the grip of an alien invaders. The book is published by Simon & Schuster at £16.99.
Jethro Creightonn lives on a farm just before the Civil War. Jethro has three brothers, Bill, John and Tom, and his cousin Eb, most of them eager to join the fight. As the war heats up, so do the tensions among the townspeople.
Allen Sibley is a businessman who is about to be indicted for bribery of a public official. Desperate to escape prison, he pays a fortune to the mysterious Doncaster Corporation for a new identity. However, Doncaster tricks him, sending him as an unwilling emigrant to the extraterrestrial colony on planet Pluto.
Ten-year-old Bridget Ann lives in her Uncle Henry's funeral parlor. Uncle Henry summons Mothkin, a hunter, to investigate strange things happening in the basement as Hallowe'en approaches. In the basement, Dragonfly and Mothkins discover a doorway to a spooky underground world.
When a cure for AIDS turns out to be more virulent than the disease, the U.S. establishes quarantine camps in the desert southwest. Michael Barris, a TV producer, masquerades as one of the infected and travels to the camps in search of his son. He finds horrific conditions, and learns that the so-called quarantine camps are death camps.
Duke of Mantua plans to marry off his daughter Eugenia to the ruler of Florence. To do so, he shuts Eugenie in a tower and banishes her noble suitor Philenzo. Philenza returns in disguise, and brags to the court that he can succeed in any task the Duke assigns him &mdash.
The play was inspired by a number of labor-related incidents including the Triangle Shirtwaist Factory fire of 1911 and the 1993 strike at the Fischer's meat packing plant in Louisville, Kentucky. The drama follows the lives of a group of workers who work at a modern day plant. The play is divided into two acts and moves back and forth through time.
Chamberlain grouped all European peoples, but Celts, Slavs, Greeks, and Latins, into the "Aryan race", a race built on the ancient Proto-Indo-European culture. He argued that when the Germanic tribes destroyed the Roman Empire, Jews and other non-Europeans already dominated it. The Germans, therefore, saved Western civilization from Semitic domination.
In the aftermath of a devastating nuclear war, Americans have come to blame technology for the disaster. All the pre-war American cities have been destroyed in the war, and their re-construction is expressly forbidden. Religious sects which even before the war opposed modern technology have adjusted to the post-apocalypse situation far more easily than anyone else.
Throughout the novel Isherwood is a character of extremes. At times he pursues physical pleasure, relentlessly devoting himself to all kinds of debauchery. Yet he also interrupts these binges with discipline, by learning German or regularly meditating. Somehow, his abandon never leads to personal disaster.
The book tells the story of an American Indian wolf god, Wanata, who comes to earth to hold humanity accountable for its abuse of nature. Journalist Savannah Channing investigates a rampaging wolf pack that is systematically destroying villages. Wanata is changed into mortal human form by an Indian Shaman's magic and is forced to interact with those he was sent to punish.
Tia is the adopted daughter of a perfume maker. She is picking herbs in the sacred Amytis garden. Next to the garden is a portion of the double defense wall surrounding the city. Tia soon discovers what is between the two walls; Sirrush. A touch from the dragons grants Tia great magical powers.
McGrath: Science and Religion co-exist as equally valid explanations for two partially overlapping spheres of existence. He posits that Darwinism is as compatible with theism as it is with atheism. He objects to Dawkins' assertion that faith is a juvenile delusion, arguing that numerous reasonable persons chose to convert as adults.
Lysippe, an Amazon princess, is suffering. Her tribe has vanished and her sister has been badly wounded. The Gryphon Stone can help, but the evil Alchemist, who has taken Lysippe as his slave, is after it also. With the help of her friend Hero, they seek sanctuary in the Temple of Artemis.
Alexis has the gift to turn statues that have enough gold on them into real people. This gift gets him into trouble as his stepmother has the spirit of the old king who wants to reclaim his land. Alexis meets the princess and turns her fabled chimea to life and it rampages through the city.
The story is about the young Sosi. Sosi has a curse, that makes him half-snake. At each full moon, he is able to "shed his skin" and adopt the look of anyone he wants. When his brother, Theron, is injured, Sosi uses his curse to take his place in the Olympic games.
The story concerns a 12 year old girl named Natalie who is kidnapped by a wizard named Hawk. Hawk needs her to join his spellclave to receive the Power of Thirteen and invade Earthaven to get revenge on the Spell Lords that banished him for breaking a treaty. 
The novel takes place over the course of several months in a contemporary university town in California's Central Valley near Sacramento. Each of the six chapters is dedicated to one of the book club members as well as one of Austen's six works. In turn, each ofAusten's novels parallels the individual characters' experiences with relationships and love.
Ward argues that the assertion that religion does more harm than good ignores "the available evidence from history, from psychology and sociology, and from philosophy" High religiousness predicts a rather lower risk of depression and drug abuse and fewer suicide attempts, and more reports of satisfaction with life and a sense of well-being.
Jason learns that his cat, Gareth, is able to talk and has the power to travel to nine different points in world history. Jason convinces Gareth to take him along and their adventures begin where cats are considered in divine, Ancient Egypt in the year 2700 BC. After nine episodes they return home. Gareth says he will never again speak to Jason, and he forbids Jason ever to mention their travels to anyone.
Drama is set in a rural town in County Kerry Ireland that is overrun by a Hollywood film crew. The story centers on Charlie Conlon and Jake Quinn, who, like much of the town, are employed as extras for the filming. The key point in the play is when a local teenager commits suicide, by drowning himself with stones in his pockets.
The play tells the story of Vittori, admiral to Cesario, prince of Naples. Cesario breaks off his intended marriage with Rosinda, princess of Sicily. In response to this insult, the Sicilians attack Naples. The play's mandatory comic subplot features Rosinda's cowardly servant Pazzorello.
The book recounts the struggle of the Ostrogoth state in Italy with the Byzantine Empire. It was quickly considered a novel for boys in the in 1871 newly founded German Empire. During the reign of German emperor William II the book was interpreted as criticism on decadence. It has been turned into two films, produced by Robert Siodmak, starring Orson Welles.
Haddock, Tintin and Calculus have a car accident with a German they previously had words with a few minutes before. A few days later, they discover that everyone present at the accident has been burgled. The next day, Haddock is kidnapped and the message for the ransom is "Haddock for the item"
Jonathan Mortimer is first cousin to a local earl and powerful landowner to whom he is in considerable debt. The debt arises from a legal dispute concerning their mutual grandfather's will. Judith is taken to a lunatic asylum and held for months in appalling conditions. Eventually she is released onto the streets of London, her sanity barely intact.
Mean Rachel is violent, aggressive, and despises all forms of "weakness" Nice Rachel is passive, easily frightened, and is too scared to morph. Both Rachels are actively dangerous towards the secrecy and long-term survival of the Animorphs. Erek King helps make them back into one whole Rachel again.
The title refers to the Feuerzangenbowle punch consumed by a group of gentlemen in the opening scene. The successful young writer Dr. Johannes Pfeiffer realizes he missed out on something because he was taught at home and never attended school. He decides to make up for it by masquerading as a student at a small town high school and quickly gains a reputation as a prankster.
The main character is Peter, an 11-year-old boy. The stage is first set at his funeral, where he recalls that he was killed by his neighbor's car. It tells Peter that he has a chance to go back to any moment before his death and alter the events, therefore preventing the catastrophe.
Massoud Behrani is a former colonel exiled from Iran after the Iranian Revolution. He has not been able to establish a career in the US and works as a trash collector and convenience store clerk. Kathy Nicolo, a former drug addict who is still recovering from her husband abruptly leaving her, has been evicted from her home because of unpaid taxes.
One-handed art critic George Bon Qwill adores some local artists and despises others. Qwill and Koko find Mountclemens dead at the bottom of his fire escape. Could Butchy have pushed Nino to his death? The dagger and the Ghirotto are both found.
Qwilleran, a reporter for the Daily Fluxion, and Koko, his Siamese cat with strange talents, are settling into Qwill's newest assignment-a magazine specializing in interior decorating. His first assignment leads him to David Lyke and his partner, Starkweather. David introduces him to George Tait and his Swiss wife, who had paid him to decorate their home in Muddy Swamp. A day after the article comes out, the Tait mansion is robbed and Mrs. Tait is dead of a heart attack.
Angela May wakes in her bedroom to find her mother, Dido, in the garden trimming the grass using a scythe. Dido shares the story of how she was in love with a married man. He with Tycho's family receive a phone call from his sister Africa, who has had a fight with her husband and wishes to leave him. However before the family have a chance to go collect her, she rings up having changed her mind.
The story begins with Andrews fleeing his fellow smugglers after a battle with the customs officials. He stumbles upon an isolated cottage which is the home of Elizabeth. The man whom she lived with has recently died. Andrews helps protect Elizabeth from the neighbors who consider her to be a woman of loose moral character.
 adventure novelist Clive Cussler funded and participated in an attempt to find John Paul Jones's famous Revolutionary warship, the USS Bonhomme Richard. The expedition was not successful, however, it eventually led to the formation of a nonprofit organization named after the fictional agency in his novels. To date, the group's most successful find is the discovery of the final resting place of the Confederate submarine Hunley.
Adventure novelist Clive Cussler follows up on the success of his first nonfiction book The Sea Hunters: True Adventures With Famous Shipwrecks. This volume documents the search for the final resting places of fourteen additional ships or other historical sunken artifacts not documented in the first work. Unlike the first book, this volume documents searches for ships that the group has found, and searches that were ultimately unsuccessful.
In The Princess Diaries, Volume II: Princess in the Spotlight, Mia struggles to decide how to break up with her boyfriend Kenny. Kenny, Mia's biology partner at school, sent anonymous love letters to Mia expressing his feelings for her, resulting in Mia and Kenny dating. Mia likes Michael, her friend Lilly's older brother, and feels she is leading Kenny on.
Stormblade chronicles Stanach the dwarf's quest to retrieve the powerful stormblade. The stormblade is a kingsword, a blade which is intended to break the deadlock among the council of thanes, and bring a new king to Thorbardin. Stanach sets out to find the blade for both his teacher and just to restore it.
The Doom Brigade chronicles the former First Dragonarmy Engineering Regiment's quest to recover the first female draconians on Krynn after the War of the Lance. Four dwarves who regularly make trips to search for riches, Pestle, Mortar, Auger and Selquist discover a map leading to the lost treasures of Neraka.
Beasts describes a world in which genetically engineered animals are given a variety of human characteristics. Painter is a leo, a combination of man and lion. Reynard, a character derived from medieval European fable, is part fox. Political forces result in the leos being deemed an experimental failure.
Darkest Hour is a prequel to Dawn. The last book in the Cutler series goes back in time to focus on Dawn's grandmother, Lillian. Most of the book takes place at the Booth Plantation, "The Meadows" Lillian is the daughter of her mother's younger sister.
Close Reading Prose discusses the question of whether writing can be taught. Prose suggests that the best way to learn to write is to read. The author encourages the reader to slow down and read every word. She reminds the reader that words are the "raw material out of which literature is crafted"
Madeline falls into the Seine River and is saved by a dog. Miss Clavel allows the girls to keep it, until they find her real owner. When they bring her home, they name her Genevieve. Big trouble arrives in front of their animal-loathing Landlord Cucuface.
The Ramsay Scallop has two main characters, Thomas of Thornham and Elenor of Ramsay. They were betrothed to each other when they were young. Father Gregory sends both of them on a religious pilgrimage to Santiago, Spain. Both of them are relieved because the pilgrimage means the delay of their marriage and a last chance for adventure.
"Hey, Al" is the story of a janitor named Al and his dog, Eddie. Al and Eddie had hard lives, but one day a bird offered to carry them to a magnificent island in the sky. When they arrived they found it to be a paradise. However, strange things began to happen and they realised the paradise was not all it appeared to be.
A young man from Japan, during the Meiji era, crosses the Pacific Ocean and explores the United States. Eventually, he returns home to Japan and marries his childhood sweetheart. The young man takes his new bride across the sea and they settle in California. As he watches his daughter grow up, the man is filled with nostalgia for his own childhood.
Tarzan and Jane Greystoke's infant son, Jack, is kidnapped in London by his old Russian enemies, Nikolas Rokoff and Alexis Paulvitch. Using his jungle skill and primal intelligence, Tarzan wins the help of Sheeta, the vicious panther, a tribe of great apes led by the intelligent Akut, and the native warrior Mugambi.
The Beasts of Tarzan is about Tarzan's son, Jack Clayton, and his encounter with an ape-man. Jack Clayton becomes known as Korak the Killer and builds a reputation for himself in the jungle. He also rescues a beautiful young woman, Meriem, the daughter of a Captain in the French Foreign Legion.
In this novel Tarzan returns to Opar, the source of the gold where a lost colony of fabled Atlantis is located. A greedy, outlawed Belgian army officer, Albert Werper, in the employ of a criminal Arab, secretly follows Tarzan. There, John Clayton loses his memory after being struck on the head by a falling rock in the treasure room during an earthquake.
Tarzan's courtship of the female ape Teeka ends in failure when her preference turns to their mutual friend, the male ape Taug. Teeka and Taug have a baby, which Teeka names Gazan and will not allow Tarzan near. Tarzan attempts to impress on his ape tribe the necessity of maintaining a strict watch against the hazards and perils surrounding them.
In the previous novel, during the early days of World War I, Tarzan discovered that his wife Jane was not killed in a fire set by German troops, but was in fact alive. In this novel two months have gone by and Tarzan is continuing to search for Jane. He has tracked her to a hidden valley called Pal-ul-don, which means "Land of Men"
In the previous novel, Tarzan rescued Jane after he discovered that she was alive, and was reunited with his son Korak. In this story he and his family encounter and adopt an orphaned lion cub, whom they name Jad-bal-ja. They then return to their African estate, gutted by the Germans during the course of World War I.
Tarzan and a young German find a lost remnant of the Roman Empire hidden in the mountains of Africa. This novel is notable for the introduction of Nkima, who serves as Tarzan's monkey companion in it and a number of later Tarzan stories. It also reintroduces Muviro, first seen in Tarzan and the Golden Lion, as sub-chief ofTarzan's Waziri warriors.
Jason Gridley launches an expedition to rescue David Innes from the Korsars. He enlists Tarzan, and a fabulous airship is constructed to penetrate Pellucidar. The air ship is crewed primarily by Germans, with Tarzan's Waziri warriors under their chief Muviro.
This book marks the last appearance of Opar and La in the Tarzan series. The story also prominently features Tarzan's lion ally Jad-bal-ja. The book was published later but is chronologically earlier than the juvenile Tarzan and theTarzan Twins.
Tarzan is captured by the insane yet beautiful queen Nemone of Cathne, the City of Gold, capital of the land of Onthar. This novel is perhaps best known for two scenes; in the first, Tarzan is forced to fight Cathne's strongest man Phobeg in its arena. The second scene, in which Tarzan has to fight a lion, starts with the ape man being forced to run away from a hunting lion.
Tarzan and his lion companion Jad-bal-ja discover a mad scientist with a city of talking gorillas. Later, as John Clayton, Tarzan visits Hollywood to find himself in a screen test for a role in a Tarzan movie. He is deemed unsuitable for the lead role because he is "not the type"
An amnesiac Tarzan and his monkey companion Nkima are taken by an African warrior to be his guardian spirits. As such come into conflict with the murderous secret society of the Leopard Men, led by Gato Mgungu. From America, a young woman arrives in the territory in search of a loved one presumed missing.
Tarzan's wife Jane becomes involved in a search for a bloodthirsty lost tribe reputed to possess an immortality drug. Also drawn in are Tarzan and his monkey companion, little Nkima, and Chief Muviro and his faithful Waziri warriors.
A young man named Brian Gregory has disappeared in Africa, looking for the fabled Father of Diamonds. His father and sister want to go rescue him, and they can only enlist Tarzan's help because they know Captain Paul D`Arnot. By chance, Tarzan and Brian are lookalike, thus making some vile scoundrels to think Tarzan is Brian. They are also heading out after the big old diamond.
Tarzan encounters a lost race with uncanny mental powers. He revisits the lost cities of Cathne and Athne, previously encountered in the earlier novel Tarzan and the City of Gold. As usual, he is backed up by Chief Muviro and his faithful Waziri warriors.
Tarzan is shot down over the island of Sumatra in the Japanese-occupied Dutch East Indies. While serving in the R.A.F. under his civilian name of John Clayton, he uses his jungle survival skills to save his comrades in arms. Tarzan also reveals to his companions how in his youth, after saving the life of a witch doctor, he was rewarded by treatment that gave him immortality.
Tarzan tracks down a man who has been mistaken for him. The man is under the delusion that he is Tarzan. The plot devices of a lost city and a Tarzan "double" or impostor had been used by Burroughs in some previous Tarzan novels.
Phoebe Maybury, a widow in her late thirties, lives in Street Grainge with her two companions Diana and Anne. One day her servant Fred finds a rotting corpse in their ice house. DCI George Walsh thinks it may be the corpse of Phoebe's husband David, who went missing ten years ago.
The novel opens with the discovery of the body of Philip Rhodes, a London caterer, who is found hanging in his underwear from his banister. The Bishop of Wandsworth, James Cunningham, is found beaten to death, but with his tongue replaced by a silver spoon. DCI Red Metcalfe and his team must discover the pattern behind these killings and save the rest of the men who are destined to be murdered.
Earth's President and the Grand Council receive an invitation from the MilkyFed. They want 5 Earth children to come across space to a training centre. The training will prepare the participants for a dangerous and secret mission. Tommy Storm, a boy of 11, is being bullied by a stronger, more popular boy named Felkor Stagwitch.
A little girl named Sophie is having tea with her mother in their kitchen. Soon they are joined for tea by a tiger who drinks all the tea, eats all the food in the house and drinks everything, even draining the water from the taps, so that Sophie cannot have her bath. Then he leaves. Sophie's father comes home and suggests that they all go out and have a lovely meal in a cafe. But the tiger never returns.
The story starts in Berlin, March 1933, when nine-year-old Anna, the main character in the trilogy, finds out her father is missing. She and her brother, Max, discover that Papa thinks that Hitler might win the elections, and has fled to Prague. Because the family is Jewish, and Papa is also a well-known Jewish author, this is important. The story ends as Mama, Papa, Max and Anna get off the train in England.
Ribsy the dog is the main character in the Henry Huggins books. In this book, Ribsy chases a new car at up to 25 miles per hour. Ribsy is found by a boy with a tennis ball who decides to adopt Ribsy. The boy panics when confronted by his landlady and hides Ribsy on a fire escape.
Sir Sidney Poitier, K.B.E., an 'icon' in the United States, looks back on his celebrated life and career. He explores elements of character and personal values to take his own measure as a man, as a husband and a father, and as an actor. The translation in complicated Chinese was done by Fongfong Olivia Wei.
The story begins in Nazi Germany, the Third Reich in April 1964, in the week leading up to Adolf Hitler's 75th birthday. The plot follows detective Xavier March, an investigator working for the Kriminalpolizei, as he investigates the suspicious death of a high-ranking Nazi. As March uncovers more details he realises that he is caught up in a political scandal involving senior Nazi Party officials.
The story follows the narrator, Robert Syverten, a naive young man from Hollywood who dreams of being a film director. Robert meets Gloria on a morning when they have both failed to get parts as extras. She talks him into participating in a marathon dance contest. After 879 hours of dancing and with 20 couples remaining, the contest is shut down when there is a murder.
A mole who is just getting out of his hole gets pooped on his head by an unidentified animal. He is certain that it doesn't belong to him and sets out on a mission to discover whom it does belong to. The animals he runs into all poop to show what theirs looks like, and finally the mole receives some assistance from some flies who help him identify whodunit: the butcher's dog.
15-year-old Callie isn't speaking to anybody, not even to her therapist at Sea Pines. Callie gets better with the help of Sydney , Claire, Debbie, Becca, Tara, Amanda, and Tiffany. Only with the loving support of her family does she learn why she cuts herself.
The story is notable in modern popular culture for its portrayal of witches as something other than evil old hags. When an ancient English church is moved to a new site, a strange statue is found to be missing. Its accidental rediscovery coincides with the arrival in the same town of three eccentric old women who seem to be looking for something lost or hidden.
Jack 'Church' Churchill and Ruth Gallagher are brought together by a shared experience. A giant of a man with a face that runs like water attacks a smaller man underneath Albert Bridge. Ruth meets a woman from Salisbury who begs her to find 'him' and then join them as their 'champion'
A year before the novel opens, Peadar and Matty Power, two elderly bachelor brothers, sold a portion of their land to Norwegian fish farmers. They resent no longer being able to use the land in question and, one night, they release the entire stock of fish into the sea. The local policeman suspects that the Powers released the fish. However, as concern among the locals about a Republican plot develops into virtual paranoia, he is pressured into changing the focus of his investigation.
Mathilda Gillespie, an eccentric recluse known for her incredible meanness of nature, is found dead in her bathtub, her wrists slashed and her head locked inside a so-called 'scold's bridle' Dr. Sarah Blakeney, becomes prime suspect in her murder after police discover that she's been left a great deal of money in the will. To clear her name, Sarah delves deep into Mathilda's mysterious past, and subsequently unravels an intricate web of greed, abuse and depravity.
Homeless man Billy Blake dies of starvation inside wealthy architect Amanda Powell's garage. Her obsession with discovering how he came to be there and why he didn't call for help. Her inquiries lead her to journalist Michael Deacon, who slowly becomes suspicious of Amanda's motives and the fact she only became rich following her husband's death.
Irish labourer Patrick O'Riordian is arrested for the murders of Lavinia Fanshaw and her nurse, Dorothy Jenkins. Friend and neighbour Siobhan Lavenham suspects that Patrick was the victim of an already prejudiced investigation. She defies her community so she can prove him innocent. However, after learning of some terrible secret's from his past, she begins to question her loyalties.
In 1978, a black woman known as 'Mad Annie' by her neighbours was found dead in a west London gutter. Despite supposedly not knowing the dead woman, Mrs. Ranelagh spends the next twenty years trying to convince the police that she was murdered. Those once familiar with Annie despised her as a mean old eccentric and animal abuser.
Harold Stump, a mentally challenged young man, was arrested for the murder of his grandmother. Three years later, having been found guilty by a jury, he kills himself in prison. Jonathan Hughes, an anthropologist specialising in social stereotypes, decides to re-examine the case. In doing so, he uncovers a plethora of dark secrets.
Connie Burns is a British-Zimbabwean journalist working as a war correspondent for the Reuters agency. While stationed in Sierra Leone in 2002 she reports on the case of five women who have been brutally murdered. Burns suspects a British mercenary, who is known throughout the expatriate community for his brutality and violence. She encounters the mercenary again two years later while based in Baghdad to cover the Iraq conflict. Deciding to return to the United Kingdom, Burns is kidnapped.
Based on the real life case of Elsie Cameron, a pregnant woman supposedly killed by her boyfriend, chicken farmer Norman Thorne, who was hanged for the murder in 1924. Walters re-creates the events leading up to the crime and writes from the perspective of both Elsie and Norman.
The book tells the story of Jim Eckert, who is whisked from this world into an alternate world where magic is real and deadly. In this world, dragons universally refer to humans as "georges," based upon the past experience of St. George with one of their kind. Jim is on a quest to rescue his fiancee, Angie, who had preceded him in transportation to the magical world.
Jim, the now Sir James, Baron of Malencontri et Riveroak is making an attempt at being a good English Lord. fate is conspiring against him and will set him on an adventure to recover the Prince of England who is being held captive in France. This will cumulate with Jim squaring off against the evil and powerful sorcerer Malvinne.
A series of kidnappings has electrified San Francisco. Children are being plucked off the streets together with their nannies - but the kidnappers aren't demanding ransom. Lindsay Boxer juggles the possibility of a new love with an unsolvable investigation, and the knowledge that one member of the club could be on the brink of death.
Bette Robinson quits her job at UBS, the investment banking firm where she has worked in the five years since she and Penelope graduated from Emory. She does little to find a new direction in life until her uncle Will, an aging nationally syndicated entertainment columnist, introduces her to Kelly. Shortly thereafter, Bette finds herself working for Kelly's firm, Kelly & Co., planning parties, eating and drinking at the city's most fashionable night spots.
Tim Diamond receives a letter from his old school friend, the millionaire Rory McDougal. Rory is found dead, cut to pieces with a sword. Sylvie is poisoned by a cyanide-laced chocolate bar. Janet Rhodes is stabbed by a model Eiffel Tower. Tim becomes paranoid and accuses Nick as the murderer and runs for his life.
Isaura, daughter of a Portuguese worker and a freed black woman, is an enslaved girl that endured hard times before she was freed and finally married her star-crossed lover, Álvaro. Meanwhile she suffered greatly at the hands of Leôncio Almeida, the landlord of a plantation and main antagonist in the plot. She even became briefly engaged to the humpback dwarf Melchior and almost married him to avoid prostitution.
Carlos Melo, or Carlinhos, narrates in first person, in a nostalgic manner, the childhood spent in the plantation Santa Rosa. When his father was sent to a mental house after killing his mother, he moved from Recife to Santa Rosa, the plantation that belonged to his grandfather, Coronel José Paulino.
Princess Elizabeth plans on marrying Prince Ronald, who is practically perfect. A dragon arrives who destroys her kingdom and kidnaps Ronald. Elizabeth follows the dragon and Ronald, and seeks to rescue her fiancé. The dragon completes the tasks but after flying around the world a second time becomes tired and falls asleep.
Afternoon Men is divided into three sections: "Montage," "Perihelion," and "Palindrome" The novel ends in a kind of ricorso leaving Atwater in more or less the same emotional state in which he began, as suggested by the subtitle, Palindrome.
Arthur Zouch, portrait painter and self-declared "superman," comes to stay at Passenger Court. The neighboring Fosdick family carry on a seemingly perpetual feud with the Passengers. Joanna Brandon, a local young woman, further complicates the lives of several of the principals. The novel moves through ten chapters toward an inescapable denouement.
Blore-Smith, a young Londoner with more money than sense, feels himself to be living a dull life. A chance meeting with Peter Maltravers and Oliver Chipchase sends him on a voyage of self-discovery. The novel remains Burtonesque, clearly showing that the persistent belief that life does have something else to offer is the essence of melancholy.
The novel is narrated by an anonymous publishing firm employee, who is himself working on a book about Stendhal and violence. At a seance, an apparent warning is received that something is wrong with bestselling travel writer, T.T. Waring. The novel ends with a series of comic reversals, not untinged with melancholy.
Spark described The Driver's Seat as a 'whydunnit' because in the novel's third chapter it is revealed that Lise will be murdered. Lise's strangeness and her isolation is mirrored in Spark's detached narrative. Spark perverts the traditional fairy tale romance, denying the reader the comfort that the perfect love affair is the antidote to modern life.
The book is about a young woman named Elena, the daughter of a wealthy gentleman. After the death of her mother, her father married a devious social climber with two daughters of her own. Not long after the marriage, Elena's father dies and her stepmother relegates her into the position of a house servant.
Margaret Prior visits the Millbank Prison in the 1870s Victorian era England. She becomes a "Lady Visitor" of the prison, hoping to escape her troubles and be a guiding figure in the lives of the female prisoners. Of all her friendships with prisoners, she is most fascinated by this woman, who she learns to be Selina Dawes, medium of spirits.
Rosamund Stacey is an attractive Cambridge graduate. She falls in love with George, but is too shy to tell him. When she learns she is pregnant, a whole new world opens up to her. When her daughter is born, she decides to name her Octavia after Octavia Hill.
Albert Campion is forced to bring his powers of detection to bear on the case. He must solve not only the mystery of the murdered woman but also the alarming disappearance of some well-known art treasures. Campion discovers the clue to the mystery by tracing two bottles of a very rare wine.
Jack Havoc, ex-army, jail-breaker and knife artist, is on the loose on the streets of London once again. Havoc's pursuit of a "treasure" leads him from London to Normandy. There Havoc discovers that the treasure is not what he thought it was.
The story is woven with themes of Daoist balance and Christian Resurrection. The narrative concerns the adventures of Jereth, a self-doubting priest, and Hwynn, a young woman who protects the Eye of Night. The story is connected with what appears to be an impending apocalypse.
Campion's glorious summer in Pontisbright is blighted by death. Amidst the preparations for Minnie and Tonker Cassand's fabulous summer party a murder is discovered. It falls to Campion to unravel the intricate web of motive and deduction with all his imagination and skill.
The book deals with a neo-Nazi cult in Britain and an international conspiracy. It includes a right-wing US general and a sinister arms dealer. Their obsession with and through the occult with resurrecting Heinrich Himmler. The book is published by Hodder & Stoughton at £20.
The story is told by a boy named Octavian, who grew up with his mother Cassiopeia, an African princess, in a house full of philosophers and scientists in colonial Boston. Under the watchful eyes of Mr. Gitney,Octavian has received a classical education as well as a musical education which has made him into an extremely skilled violinist. When the political unrest that would later spur the American Revolution begins to seep into the Gitney household, Gitney decides to move into the countryside outside of Boston.
Viv meets a soldier named Reggie, who is married, at anonymous hotels once every five weeks. Kay works as an emergency response ambulance worker along with Mickey. She lives with her lover, Helen, who she sees as someone she must protect and shelter. Viv and Helen are reunited after Helen confides her love for Julia to Viv.
The action is narrated by Charles Bigger, who spends most of the novel operating under the alias Carl Bigelow. Bigger has been sent by a mob boss, known simply as The Man, to the small town of Peardale, New York. His mission is to avenge the mistakes of Jake Winroy, a former member of The Man's crime establishment.
Grotesque is written in the first person for all parts and follows a woman whose sister and old school friend have been murdered. The narrator of Grotesque is unnamed and forever lives under the shadow of her younger-by-a-year sister Yuriko, who is unimaginably beautiful and the center of all attention. As the novel progresses, the reader is introduced to many other characters with whom the narrator comes in contact.
The story is told largely from the point of view of Costis, a young soldier in the Queen's Guard. Eugenides, the one-handed former Thief of Eddis, has married the Queen of Attolia, bringing peace to the two countries. The plot twists and turns through an assassination attempt and various political intrigues.
After he left home near the end of The Good Earth, he joined the army. The Tiger leads his men north, into the territory of a cruel warlord known as the Leopard, and kills him with the help of a trap prepared by the county magistrate. He later takes two new wives and leads his forces southeast.
Wang Yuan travels to the old earthen house where his grandfather Wang Lung had lived. Yuan's mother persuades him to return home with a claim that the Tiger is deathly ill. In reality, this is a ploy to Yuan is sent to live with his foster mother in the city after fleeing the countryside.
The story takes place in summer 1965. A missing American CIA agent is drugged and crashes his car into the GUM shop in Red Square, Moscow. He is carrying verbatim transcripts of top secret meetings held in Russian and Chinese Government offices and embassies. The Russians accuse the US of stealing official secrets and passing them to the Chinese to destabilize USSR-China relations.
Story is about the lives of a few people living in a small town north of Kingston, Ontario. Carl McKelvey, a "white trash male" as he describes himself, returns to the town after a three-year absence. He carries deep in his heart his guilt of having driven his car into a tree, killing his mother.
Kieran O'Kerrigan is a psychiatrist and Kathleen asks him to undertake AIDS tests on her and her three children. Kieran also gets drawn into the child sex abuse scandal. Gerry Greene is a popular parish priest and school principal. He was implicated in a police report from several years earlier concerning the sodomy of two twelve-year-old boys.
Rival Lovers is one of the shortest dialogues in the Thrasyllan canon of Plato's works. The entire story of the discussion is told in the first person by Socrates. The rival erastai of the title are a devotee of wrestling and athletics, who disparages philosophy as shameful nonsense.
Michael McGill, a burned-out private eye is hired by a corrupt White House Chief of Staff to find a second "secret" United States Constitution. What follows is a scavenger hunt across America, exposing its seedier side along the way. McGill is joined by surreal college student side-kick, Trix.
El Gato is interviewed by Paul Faustino, a journalist for La Nación. During the interview, El Gato tells Faustino about his teenage years and his entry into soccer. As a teenager, he secretly trains with the Keeper in an abandoned soccer field hidden in the rainforest. He eventually quits soccer and becomes a naturalist just as his parents had always imagined.
The book concerns the investigation into the death of Jonas Fairlie, who was murdered on a train while on his way to consult Solar Pons. To solve the mystery, Pons and his companion, Dr. Lyndon Parker, travel to Fairlie's home town of Frome, Somerset and from there to Scotland.
The novel's main character, Nadia, is a spoiled young woman, whose parents are divorced. Her father tries to move on with his life and meets a new woman, Safia, who he quickly falls in love with. Nadia is willing to control others lives and change them just to keep her life the way she wants it.
The story centers on two Dutch men codenamed Tamar and Dart, who are agents of the Special Operations Executive. Tamar's real grandfather is Tamar who was killed in World War II by a man named Koop de Vries, and was led to do so by William Hyde, or Dart as he was known.
The novel is a subtle and complex narrative which takes the form of fictional letters between two Eastern European workers. Yarostan Vochek and Sophie Nachalo are separated after a failed revolution. After twenty years without contact, they begin to write each other about their experiences, their lives, their hopes, and their memories of the past.
Bill Owen is a nondescript armchair detective. A balding, watery-eyed, mild-mannered little man in violently checked tweed. His listener and protégé is the attractive young journalist Polly Burton. Polly brings him details of obscure crimes baffling the police, which he helps her to solve.
 Navajo Tribal Police Officer Bernadette Manuelito investigates an abandoned vehicle in Apache County, Arizona. While awaiting personnel from the medical examiner's office, Officer Manuelito indulges her interest in botany and collects seeds, placing them in an old tobacco tin she finds nearby. When the body is removed from the vehicle several hours later by medical personnel, it is discovered that the death is a homicide.
Emily Fletcher, Adriane Charday, and Kara Davies, three very different girls-turned-mages, band together to protect and find Avalon. Each girl has a bonded animal and magic stone. Three girls discover a portal to another world through which strange and wondrous animals have emerged. The animals are peaceful and good, but what follows them through the portal is pure evil.
Aza, the adopted daughter of innkeepers in Ayortha, has always hated her appearance. Her milk-white skin, blood-red lips, and hair that seems to be sooty black often make her the target of stares and rude comments. However, Aza's voice garners as much attention as her looks, and she is an amazing singer.
The plot of the play possesses an unusually complex backstory. Meleander, a prominent nobleman of Cyprus, is the father of two daughters, Eroclea and Cleophila. The play is also strongly influenced by the cult of love fashionable at the time. Ford worked in a sub-genre of psychiatric fiction that only became prominent in the twentieth century.
Lew and Kennard Alton have already spent two years on Earth since Sharra's awakening. Lew is looking for a way to destroy Sharra and would like to meet Ashara. Regis is going to be the first representative from Darkover to the Imperial Senate.
Clara Velde is a successful fashion writer in New York City and the star of the story. The book's title refers to the disappearance of Clara's prized emerald ring. Clara associates the ring with her love for the Washington, D.C. politico Ithiel and with her own professional and personal power.
The novel parallels several real events in Roth's life, including the publication of his 1969 novel Portnoy's Complaint and the hoopla which surrounded Roth in the wake of that novel's fame. The extent to which the Zuckerman character can be safely compared to those of Roth has been a subject of zealous debate among Roth's readers.
Beatrice "Beezus" Quimby is a close friend of Henry Huggins. She is perpetually infuriated by the imaginative antics of her younger sister Ramona. Beezus is haunted frequently by the guilt of her animosity towards Ramona and the uneasy sisterhood that they share.
Zuckerman finds himself facing middle age and an undiagnosable pain. The mysterious ailment has him laid up and keeps him from his regime of writing. Zuckerman resolves to return to the University of Chicago, his alma mater, in order to pursue medical school.
Moominpappa is dissatisfied with his life in Moomin Valley, so he organises the family to set off on a journey to find a lighthouse in the sea. Once arriving there, they find it a desolate and lonely place, inhabited only by a very unfriendly fisherman. Moomintroll also befriends The Groke and the sea horses.
Set in the final days of autumn and the approach of winter, various characters begin to experience a change within themselves. Toft finds an old microbiology textbook, and misinterpreting it as a story, creates a monster in his imagination known as the Creature. Grandpa-Grumble becomes obsessed with both fishing in a nearby stream and building a treehouse. Snufkin is left alone to wait for the return of the Moomins.
The setting is a fictional location in New Jersey. At the Diamond County Home for the Aged, the inmates prepare for the ritual of the Poorhouse Fair. But when the fair goes less well that the old folks had hoped, they are in no doubt who to blame: Conner, the new prefect of the home.
Edward Tulane is a china rabbit given to a ten-year-old girl named Abilene by her grandmother. He enjoys a pleasant but vain life with his young mistress, who treats him with the utmost love and respect. An unfortunate incident finds him falling overboard while vacationing on an ocean liner. Edward spends 297 days in the ocean's depths, until a passing fisherman and his buddy pulls him free.
Captain Rider Sandman, formerly of His Majesty's 52nd Regiment of Foot, arises in his attic room above the Wheatsheaf Tavern in Drury Lane. He was engaged to Sir Henry Forrest's daughter, Eleanor, but his father's suicide and financial ruin intervened. The Countess was found brutally stabbed to death.
As winter approaches Toad, Adder, and the hedgehogs go into hibernation, while the rest of the animals prepare for winter. However the winter is harsh and kills most of the field mice and voles, while making it Badger meets with the Great White Stag but falls and injures his leg. Fortunately the Warden finds him and cares for him while he is injured.
An Acquaintance with Darkness is the story of 14-year-old Emily Pigbush, who lives with her mother in Washington, D.C., in 1865. Emily's father died during the Civil War while fighting for the Union. Her mother's only wish is that Emily at all costs not live with her uncle, Dr. Valentine Bransby, after her death.
Caroline Whitaker, her step mother Sarah,and her bratty older sister Georgia Ann are confined to one small room of their spacious Southern plantation home. British soldiers, led by Colonel Rawdon are occupying the place. Caroline and her Negro caretaker, Miz Melindy, travel to get her 'almost' brother Johnny.
In the midst of the American Revolution, Mary Cooper moves in with her twenty-two-year-old cousin, Tempe Wick, and Tempe's elderly mother, Mary Wick. Mary's Tory family discovered that she was participating in the Patriot cause. Mary learns of Bowzar's plans and discovers that Tempe is growing hesitant as well.
Serge is in therapy, coping with the fact he has turned 44. At first he goes on a religious awakening, but then decides to make a comeback. As he does this, hurricane season is in full force, and Serge follows hurricanes like others follow sporting events. Unfortunately for him, another serial killer calling himself "The Eye of the Storm" is following him.
Two Bad Mice is the work of Australian writer and novelist, Norman Warne. The story is about two mice who destroy a doll's-house. The mice smash every dish on the table and even try to burn one in the fireplace. Potter enjoyed developing a tale that gave her the vicarious thrill of improper behaviour.
The tale opens with an illustration of a wide-eyed kitten: "This is a Pussy called Miss Moppet, she thinks she has heard a mouse!" The following illustration depicts a mouse wearing a pink bowtie and green jacket "peeping out behind the cupboard, and making fun of MissMoppet"
Tom, like all of the other elves, does not care about other people or animals, but simply about surviving. Tom is soon discovered by a young "demon" named Anna. Tom flees, but does not get far. He is found by Anna and Joe's snooping neighbor, Edie. Edie turns out to be Tom's once-elfin aunt.
Katherine, or Catalina as she is called in Spanish, faces the dangers to which she is exposed bravely. Her mother, Queen Isabella I of Castile, is an outstanding commander, with a great ability to make wise The book then skips over to Dogsmerfield, England when she meets Henry VII and her fiance, Arthur Tudor. King Henry VII is strongly attracted to her, but keeps his feelings under control.
The story starts at Stonehenge, where Lord Ombra was seemingly destroyed in Peter and the Shadow Thieves. Molly and George travel to Oxford, where they discover some vital information about Peter's parents which suggests Peter himself is in danger. Lord Aster sails to Mollusk Island to warn and protect Peter, unaware that Molly andGeorge have stowed away aboard his ship.
Princess Morgan de Gama is an addict, a whore, and a deadbeat. A film of her sexual exploits is being auctioned off to three international buyers. The Portuguese government would like her locked in an asylum. An Angolan rebel needs her to keep an old French general in his service.
The Fur follows the late high school and early university years of the protagonist Michael Sullivan in an Alternate Reality version of Western Australia. The novel revolves around Sullivan's struggles with his religious beliefs and dilemma on whether or not to attempt to break quarantine and start a new life in the uninfected Eastern States of Australia.
Two bodies have been found with their throats slashed. One is an alcoholic vagrant, whereas the other is Sir Paul Berowne, a baronet and recently resigned Minister of the Crown. Poet and Commander Adam Dalgliesh investigates one of the most convoluted cases of his career.
In Evil Hour takes place in a nameless Colombian village. Someone has been placing satirical pasquinades about the town. When a man kills his wife's supposed lover after reading of her infidelity, the mayor decides that action is called for. He declares martial law and sends soldiers to patrol the streets.
E.D.'s father Randolph is directing the local production of The Sound of Music. E.D. feels left out because she isn't creative, but her father makes her the stage manager. The head of the theater ultimately cancels the show because of a small incident. Because of what a report has written about Jake, he is now determined to be back onstage.
The Africa House is an account of the life of soldier, pioneer white settler, politician and supporter of African independence Stewart Gore-Browne. Originating with a chance encounter in 1996 with Gore- Browne's grandson in Lusaka, the book uses his diaries, letters, personal papers and photographs as well as those of his family.
The narrative focuses around Moz, Zahler Moz meets Pearl, a mysterious girl with a knack for music, who he teams up with to save a guitar that a crazy woman throws out of her window. With Pearl at their head, the band begins to recruit new members and Alana Ray has the ability to see colored lights, which she considers to be hallucinations at times, and realistic at others.
The play is in two acts, set in Wishwood, a stately home in the north of England. At the beginning, the family of Amy, Dowager Lady Monchensey are assembling for her birthday party. Among other things they discuss the sudden, and not to them wholly unwelcome, death at sea of the wife of the eldest son Harry.
Evan Anthony Hyde tells the story of his last few months at St. John's College Sixth Form in Belize. He receives a scholarship from the local embassy to study at Dartmouth. After enduring threats from a Jesuit teacher who dislikes Hyde and wants to take his scholarship away despite his academic performance, the eighteen year old leaves Belize for Dartmouth.
The play takes place in 16th century Rome. A man named Castiglione becomes engaged to a woman named Allessandra. In the drama, Politian recites the poem "The Coliseum," which Poe had previously published in 1833. The play is directed by Robert Wilson.
Betsy Taylor-former model, newly unemployed secretary, 30, and still single-wakes up after being flattened by a Aztek Pontiac in a tacky coffin wearing cheap knock-off shoes. With a wealthy best friend and a newly acquired doctor pal who is not susceptible to her formidable allure, she sets out to right wrongs.
Betsy Taylor dies and rises as the new Queen of Vampires. She lands her dream job selling designer shoes at Macy's Department Store. But then there's a string of vampire murders in town and Betsy has to enlist the help of the one vamp who makes her blood boil: Eric Sinclair.
This third novel of the series has thirty-five chapters and is told from the point of view of Betsy. The novel has two prologues. The first prologue relates how the devil, out of boredom, possessed a "not very nice" woman and gave birth to a daughter. The devil's daughter, Laura, was given up for
Betsy Taylor is plagued by ghosts who demand her help in rectifying their past mistakes. She also receives attention from a human boy who is a past member of a gang of vampie slayers. The book starts out with the knowledge that Betsy is technically dead, however everyone but close family and friends think that she is still alive.
Betsy Taylor, Queen of Vampires, is celebrating her 31st birthday and her 1st anniversary of being dead. She has told her friends that she doesn't want a party but she is sure that they are planning a surprise party for her. With a delegation of European vampires arriving to pay their respects to her, a baby brother to baby sit and a phone that just won't stop ringing she has plenty to keep her occupied.
Vampire Queen Betsy Taylor seems to have a full house - and the wedding guests have yet to arrive. Along with her human buddies, there's a ghost, a werewolf, and a Fiend crashing at her place. And though her fiance, Vampire King Eric Sinclair, conveniently disappears when the conversation turns to seating charts, he does manage to make his oh-so-sexy presence known.
The story is set in a research facility involving two groups of people. The first group contains several teenagers with IQs above 150. These teenagers call themselves the "Think Tank" However, this group is merely a smokescreen for the real subjects of the research - five seven year-olds who are able to communicate telepathically. The Babies are called Pep, Ricardo, Ian, Rachael and Myriam.
The story takes place in 1960s suburban United States, and is told in flashback form by the narrator, David. David introduces Ruth, a single mother and alcoholic, amongst other things. Ruth's mental state has been deteriorating over time, and the burden of having two more children to care for seems to accelerate her descent into madness.
Death By Black Hole is divided into seven sections: The Nature of Knowledge, The Knowledge of Nature, Ways and Means of Nature and Science and God. The Meaning of Life, When the Universe Turns Bad, Science, and Culture and Culture are also included in the book.
Don't Go Near the Water is an episodic novel broken into ten chapters. Six numbered interludes, entitled "Melora" with a sequential number after them, develop an Jones is a Boatswain's Mate Second Class on the USS Ankletooth.
Police Commissioner Aurelio Zen has crossed swords with the establishment before - and lost. He is unexpectedly transferred to Perugia. Unbeknownst to him, favours have been called in and words have been whispered into ears. Zen contends with local power politics and troubled relationships with his mother and girlfriend.
Aurelio Zen finds himself reluctantly back in Rome, sneezing in the damp wine cellar of a retired but still powerful and connected mover and shaker. Zen is confronted with the closed ranks and closed mouths of a small, remote rural town. Grappling with tangled relationships, bitter resentments and grudges.
Aurelio Zen has been sent to Sicily, home of the Mafia, in a nondescript liaison job. Someone died nastily, left to cook in a locked metal wagon in a railway siding. The Limoni family deny, as local Mafia chieftains anxious to retain prestige would, that it was their missing son.
Aurelio Zen is back, but nobody's supposed to know it. Zen is lying low under a false name at a beach resort on the Tuscan coast. He has clear instructions to sit back and enjoy the classic Italian beach holiday. But Zen is getting restless, despite a developing romance with a mysterious and alluring occupant of a nearby sunbed.
Aurelio Zen takes on the case of a group of Austrian cavers in the Italian Alps. The search for the truth leads him into the turbulent political history of Italy during the seventies. The story is told from the view points of several of those involved. The focus is on movement, rather than the methodical application of the police process.
Zen is on sick leave after a stomach operation and is feeling a shadow of himself. His relationship with his partner, Gemma, is also not going well. She is about to leave for Bologna to meet her son who has something important to tell her. Zen is recalled to duty and is sent to be the liaison officer for a high profile murder investigation.
Timmy the squirrel is captured by a group of squirrels. They chase him up a tree and stuff him through a woodpecker's hole. Chippy Hackee, a small striped chipmunk, tends him with kindness. He coaxes Timmy to eat the nuts and Timmy grows "fatter and fatter!"
With the help of Mister Tinker's speckoscope and Julius Quickscissors they return to Oz. They encounter a group of babies called the Widdlebits and trek across the bottomless swamp. They make it to the Emerald City, where Dorothy is able to be sent home once again.
The book is about an eleven-year-old girl, Jeanmarie Troxell, and a boy, Malcolm Soo, who bury dead animals in a "graveyard" They find a dead woman, former movie star Tallulah, and her dog. She sends them on missions for special people and things, especially her lost necklace, the Regina Stone, but always for a pack of cigarettes.
Jeffrey Rodinov is a descended from one of the oldest families in Alaska. He has been protecting a Baranov for generations. But no Rod inov ever had to protect Princess Nicole Krenski. Her credentials? Hunting guide in the Alaskan wilderness.
Christina Krabbe is trying to find where she belongs after being fired from her job when she meets "Al", a man who has a fondness for fishing. Al is the King Alexander II and is looking to set his son up with a woman to be his wife. His son, David becomes king while his father is recovering.
Nick Carter is sent to investigate, working alongside Major Rothwell and his assistant, Mona Star. Nick uncovers a Chinese plot to drive off Australia's allies, an underwater base on the Great Barrier Reef. The plot is not truly Chinese, but the brainchild of a bitter woman whose father was ruined by the Australian army.
Derik is ordered by his alpha, Michael Windham, to find the reincarnation of a powerful sorceress - Morgan LeFay, half sister of King Arthur. Sara falls under Derik's spell, and when he finally tells her that he has cheated her into sleeping with him, she rejects him at first. They both put off seeking out the Arthur's Chosen, not wanting to end the Derek barges into the warehouse, after having been warned by Antonia that he will
Milkweed is set in Warsaw, Poland, during World War II. Main character Misha acquires multiple last names throughout the plot. Misha is a Gypsy born in Russia to a large and old family. He had seven brothers and five sisters, and a beloved speckled mare named Greta.
The God Beneath the Sea is divided into three parts. Part one begins with the image of the infant Hephaestus plummeting from Olympus to the ocean. In Part II, "The Making of Men", Prometheus makes men out of clay and the substance of Chaos to inhabit the earth. The novel tells of Persephone's abduction by Hades and Demeter's search for her.
Anna Frith was married to Eyam for three years during the Puritan years. In the epilogue, she briefly narrates the three years since she left Eyam. She asks that her sheep flock and croft be given to the Quaker girl she helped in the mines, but says she no longer wants.
A bad rabbit finds a good rabbit sitting on a bench eating a carrot. Wanting the carrot, he takes it from the good rabbit and scratches him. The good rabbit escapes and hides in a nearby hole. Meanwhile, a hunter notices the bad rabbit and mistakes him for a bird.
Set in an apparently idyllic New England college town in the 1970s, Beasts is the story of Gillian Brauer, a talented young student obsessed with her charismatic English professor Andre Harrow. Gillian soon tumbles into a nightmare of carnal desire and corrupted sexual innocence.
The novel is set in the same high school as Vision Quest, but twenty years later. Ben, a high school junior, is still suffering from the lack of self-esteem he developed following criticism from his fifth-grade teacher. A developing interest in writing and racquetball and a new motorcycle, as well as support from understanding adults, help him discover who he really is.
Snyderman and Rothman discovered that experts were in agreement about the nature of intelligence. Almost all respondents picked out abstract reasoning, ability to solve problems and ability to acquire knowledge as the most important elements. Half of those that felt qualified to reply in this section stated that there was not enough evidence to estimate heritability accurately.
The plot centers around her students working on a site of prehistoric graves on Dewees, a barrier island. Brennan is then called upon to discover what is happening when other bodies begin showing up all around the Charleston area. The story also features a romantic subplot, where Brennan must choose between two men, Andrew Ryan and Pete Peterson.
Bindy Mackenzie is a Year 11 student at Ashbury High, a prestigious private school in Sydney. She is horrified to discover that she must take part in FAD -Friendship And Development- a mandatory course aimed at helping teenagers deal with the issues that face them. The FAD course presents Bindy with a rather shocking scenario- she discovers that she is widely disliked by her peers.
Scahill contends that Blackwater exists as a mercenary force. Blackwater's rise is a consequence of the demobilisation of the US military following the Cold War. He describes further how Blackwater serves in Iraq and Afghanistan like, in his judgement, a Praetorian Guard.
Jayni's mum, Nikki Fenton, wins £10,000 on a scratchcard. They decide to not tell Jayni's father, Jay, who she fears will spend it on his friends on drinks at the pub or losing. Jayni finds out where her mother's obese sister Barbara lives, and telephones her. She comes to stay and provides the children with food. Meanwhile Nikki is becoming worse because of an infection following the surgery.
A preface was written for this text decades later to be included in the second American edition of this novel. Bowen takes great pains to explain the particulars of both her writing process and the political reasons for the unsettled atmosphere. The residents of Danielstown occupy themselves with tennis parties, visits, and dances, often including the wives and officers of the British Army.
The book opens with a three-stanza rhyme about Appley Dapply, a mouse who raids cupboards for treats. The following rhyme tells of Peter Rabbit's sister, Cotton-tail, and her implied courtship by a little black rabbit. "Diggory Delvet" and the last rhyme in the book about a guinea pig are two of the few limericks written for children by someone other than Edward Lear.
Andrea, known as Andy in the story, is a tall, awkward ten-year-old whose parents have recently divorced. Throughout the book, Andy wishes that her parents would get back together and move back into their little house called Mulberry Cottage. As she becomes more and more isolated, she draws support from her spotted Sylvanian Families rabbit, Radish.
Elsa is a bright and lively young girl who has dreams to become a comedienne. When her stepfather loses his job, her family are forced to move into a rundown bed and breakfast hotel. Elsa frequently plays truant from school with boys from the hotel. One night Elsa awakes to the smell of smoke, and upon investigating she discovers the hotel kitchen is on fire. Using her loud voice, she runs from to door to door, yelling to wake up all the residents.
The book takes the form of the twins alternately narrating the story of their life in an Accounts book. Ruby and Garnet are ten-year-old identical twins living with their father and grandmother since their mother, Opal, died. The two have always been close despite their differences- Ruby is social, and keen to let her opinions be heard, while introverted Garnet is content to let Ruby dominate their relationship.
The Diamond Girls is about 4 girls called Martine, Jude, Rochelle and Dixie. Their mother, Sue, is heavily pregnant with her 5th child and believes it is a boy since she reads tarot cards and peers into a crystal ball. They live in a 3-bedroom apartment in the North Block in Bletchworth.
Vicky is a flamboyant and outgoing girl while Jade is shy and timid. After fighting about which extra-curricular activity to take together, Vicky dashes out on to the road without looking and is struck by a car. Jade travels to the hospital in the ambulance with Vicky, however Vicky dies from her internal injuries in hospital. Just an hour after her death Vicky appears to Jade as a ghost, although she is the only one who can see or hear her.
Main character is a young girl called Emily, or Princess Emerald to her imaginative Dad. She lives with her mum Julie, her half sister Vita and her half brother Maxie in their grandmother Ellen's house. Although her dad is technically only her Step-dad, Em and her siblings all love him completely. Emily is highly sensitive , and is very insecure about her weight.
The plot occurs in Damascus, 1840. Aslan is a 15 years old religious, Jewish teen, one of the outwardly pampered sons of the Farhi family. Behind closed doors, he is abused and beaten by his siblings, mother and father. When his father marries him off at the age of 15 to a rabbi's daughter, things go from bad to worse.
Ms Frizzle takes her class on a trip to a paleontologist's dig. When she discovers that they are missing the bones of some Maiasaurs, she turns the bus into a time machine to travel back to the age of dinosaurs. The class sees dinosaurs and learns the name of the different periods of the era and other information.
After Hilary Shenstone died in the war, his spirit had a hard time with the thought of leaving England behind forever. Through some twist of fate, he finds his way back to his home of Nuns Farthing, only to find that the old house has some new tenants. Sabrina Archer, a lonely girl of 17, moved with her father and aunt away from their city flat to the lavish summerhome.
Three years after the events of Specials, society is beginning to settle into a new form. Each city has been forced to find a way of dealing with the new pressure on its resources, caused by the freed creativity of the inhabitants. In Japan, one city has chosen a "reputation economy", rewarding citizens either with merits for productive tasks which help the city.
Aiya's Summer is set in the summer of 1951, in the newly established state of Israel. The film chronicles the life of ten-year-old Aviya, whose mother, Henya, is tortured by periodic mental breakdowns. Aviya fantasizes that if she could only find her father, all her/her mother's problems would cease and her family would be whole again.
Cathy left the book for Emma, her best friend, so that the latter can use the clues provided and figure out where Cathy went. Cathy encounters various members of the mythical, immortal, Chinese Eight Ancestors, as well as adventure and mystery. It also includes phone numbers which readers can call in order to leave a message for Bianca, Cathy, Victor, Emma, and even Tsao's business.
The voyage took place in 1973 but the book wasn't published until 2005. The main theme relates his adventures while crossing the Atlantic ocean alone in an open boat. In addition, the book covers earlier experiences voyaging along the French canals and down the Mediterranean coast. He finishes by describing his life after sailing and the continuing desire to set out again.
Elizabeth 'Liz' Hall dies in a bicycle accident and wakes up on a boat called the SS Nile. She meets a girl who had been shot and a famous musician who had died of a drug overdose. After watching her own funeral through Binoculars on the Observation decks, Liz realizes that she is truly dead.
Rex Bunch, Gabriel's father, is a musician who, for a short time back in the 1970s, played in pop icon Lester Jones's band. Rex has been leading a quiet and modest life without a regular income together with Gabriel. A meeting with Lester Jones renews Rex's hopes of becoming a sought-after musician again.
This novel is a sequel to Matthew Reilly's previous novel, Seven Ancient Wonders. The story follows a group of explorers who are captured by the Neetha tribe. They discover that the tribe possesses the Second Pillar and the Seeing Stone of Delphi. The Six Sacred Stones picks up eighteen months later on Easter Island, the geographical opposite of the Great Pyramid.
The President and his team agonize over the bomb design. The nuclear search team NEST is activated. Israel almost successfully launches its own nuclear strike against Libya. The President has briefed the Rapid Deployment Force, in transit to Lebanon, with options to invade the West Bank.
Indulekha is a graceful Nair girl with good intelligence, artistic talent. She is in love with another young man, Madhavan, the hero of the novel. The story emphasizes inter caste marriage. The old Namboothiri represents the decadence of feudalism and its polygamous practices.
The story, takes place in 1824-25, ten years after 1812: The Rivers of War. The United States, under the influence of Sam Houston, a Special Commissioner for Indian Affairs, has signed a treaty with the southern Indian tribes. The easternmost chiefdom, Arkansas, is ruled by Patrick Driscol, formerly the brigade master sergeant under Winfield Scott during the Niagara Campaign.
The novel takes place primarily in Victorian London. The story begins as a mysterious Brown Leather Man enters George's watch shop with a strange device in need of repair. George is quickly dragged into an ongoing conflict involving the Royal Anti-Society, the Godly Army and the Ladies Union for the Suppression of Carnal Vice.
Nubia and Flavia search for a flower that his father who is a doctor needs for medicine. Nubia meets a runaway slave named Kuanto, from the same region of Africa as she. Flavia suspects the powerful local landlord Publius Pollius Felix, who happens to be her uncle Gaius's patron.
 Ping is living on the top of Tai Shan mountain trying to raise Kai, the stinking baby dragon. Ping learns that Kai can learn to shape-change and turns into firstly a soup ladle. They are living happily until one day, their goat is found with its throat slit. Ping, Kai and Hua are later captured by guards and taken to Liu Che, Emperor of China.
The play tries to revisit history by portraying a stout and space consuming Sango, as a leader mindful of the wishes of the people. In his desire to please them, he set two of his most powerful chiefs against each other. The plot ended up dividing his cabinet and many of his advisers, friends and a wife, Oya left him.
The first month of the tour is spent in the countryside of Armagh. The month is mainly boring, with most days spent carrying out menial tasks in barracks or conducting patrols. Towards the end of the period an anti-vehicle is Billeted in a working factory which produces bottles 24 hours a day.
The story begins shortly after the point where Metropolitan left off, with Aiah, the previous novel's protagonist, arriving in "Free Caraqui" to assist Constantine in his ambitions. Constantine is confronted with intrigues among the other power players from the revolution, counter-coups, and war with the surrounding metropolises. He must also deal with the consequences of enlisting one his more disturbing allies, Taikoen.
In Burroughs' last Tarzan story, left unfinished at the time of his death, the ape man plays guardian to an expedition seeking the lost city of Ur. In the novel as completed by Lansdale, Ur turns out to be a society revering a giant and supposedly immortal praying mantis.
Dick and Doc are cousins who resemble each other because their mothers are twins. As Dick is also related to Tarzan through his father, they become known as the Tarzan Twins. Invited to visit Tarzan's African estate they become lost in the jungle and are imprisoned by cannibals, from whom they escape.
The novel explores the events of the Second War when the Orcish Horde, led by Warchief Orgrim Doomhammer, returns to Azeroth. The book writer Aaron S. Rosenberg commented at a public Q&A that among the main characters are Khadgar, Turalyon, Lothar, the sisters Windrunner, Zul'jin and Gul'dan.
The book alternates chapters between Megin and her 15-year-old brother Greg. Megin is a much better hockey player than her older brother which annoys him to no end. Greg is obsessed with body building in an attempt to attract a girl named Jennifer. However, their differences are set aside when a crisis erupts.
The sprawling novel follows a number of different characters' viewpoints around the date of August 15, 2047. It is the centenary of India's partition and independence from the colonial British Raj. This future India has become balkanized into several smaller competing states. The global information network is now inhabited by artificial intelligences, called aeais in the novel.
Tertuliano Máximo Afonso is a divorced high school history teacher. One day he rents a movie in which he sees a man that looks exactly like him. He stalks his twin, António Claro, eventually calling him. The two men discover their voices are exactly the same and they share identical scars and moles.
The novel opens in 1999 with a car accident occurring in parallel universes. In Universe A, the accident is avoided allowing 3 of the major characters to be born. However in Universe A Prime the accident does occur and the resulting John is thrown between universes and discovers that there is no record of his existence. The trauma of this event causes John to lose himself in depression. Empty Cities of the Full Moon takes place after this.
South Korean soldiers set off a bomb in Seoul during a festival and make it look like it was done by North Korea. Op-Center must prove that North Korea had nothing to do with it before the situation gets hostile. To make matters worse, a rogue general plans to launch some nuclear missiles at Tokyo, Japan intending to start a war.
Duty and Desire takes place between Darcy's initial leaving of Hertfordshire and his reappearance in Prides narrative at Rosings Park. Following on from the events of An Assembly Such as This, the novel opens with Fitzwilliam Darcy preparing for the Christmas season with his extended family. Darcy finally decides that he needs a wife, and resolves to find a woman like Elizabeth Bennet.
This book tells the story of Major Richard Sharpe, during the Vitoria Campaign of the Peninsula War in 1813. Framed for murder, Sharpe must find a way to clear his name to preserve the fragile alliance between Britain and Spain. The book is published by Hodder & Stoughton.
Floodland is set in the near future where most of the United Kingdom is covered by water. The storyline concerns a girl named Zoe who is left behind after her family flees the floods. She is left alone in the ruins of Norwich but escapes to Eels Island where she discovers a sinister society run by a strange boy.
Le Meneur de Loups is set around 1780 in Dumas' native town of Villers-Cotterêts, and is supposedly based on a local folk-tale Dumas heard as a child. The story concerns Thibault, a shoe-maker, who is beaten by the gamekeeper of the Lord of Vez. Afterwards he encounters a huge wolf, walking on its hind legs like a man, who offers him vengeance. Thibault may wish harm on any person in return for one of his own hairs for each wish.
Gibson recounts the early stages of combat and the daily struggle with old and decrepit aeroplanes on long and arduous missions into enemy airspace. He also clearly recounts the issues facing the early pilots taking the war to Germany from within what seemed an almost amateurish Bomber Command.
Ping is the name of a domesticated duck who lives on a riverboat on the Yangtze River in China. He gets sent out every morning to forage along the river with his relatives, and is expected back every evening. The last duck on the boat would get a swat with a stick and one day he is the last duck.
The film is about a group of men who try to escape from the tummy-bellies. Gren is waylaid by a "morel", a sentient fungus which attaches itself to his head and talks to, and controls him. The world is about to end as the Sun brightens, and the strange, green columns they begin to see beaming into space is life itself.
Thomas Parry is a character in the film. The story begins with Parry's younger self being whisked away from his bed and his family in the dead of night. From there the story continues in Thorpe Hall, a place best described as a hostel for those yet to be. After a time, Thomas is transported via train to his new home where he meets his Thomas is approached by Diana Bilal, an employee of the ministry of health and social security.
Gunther Gerhardt was the third most sought-after Nazi war criminal after Adolf Eichmann and Martin Bormann. His plot is revealed by a defector who, although killed, leaves behind a bullet with a micro-engraved message. AXE teams up with Shin-Bet to track down Gerhardt.
The Chinese have ruined several American intelligence operations in recent months. David Hawk, head of AXE, believes that the Chinese have recruited a new paymaster. Nick Carter is sent on the next flight and, although his cover is almost immediately broken, he escapes several attempts on his life before uncovering the head spy.
Shabanu lives in Cholistan Desert in the Pakistan where they play games near the border of India. She is the second daughter of a peaceful, loving family of camel breeders. Shabanu is on the brink of womanhood; her older sister Phulan is already marriageable, and soon will be married to Hamir.
William Dubin of Vermont is living the comfortable life of an accomplished writer. While researching the biography of D. H. Lawrence, he meets twenty-three year old Fanny and begins an affair with her. Predictably, the consequences of this act rock Dubin's life and invite the reader to draw parallels with similar events.
Hartwell loves Frances; Frances's mother Bellamy pretends to be in love with him herself. Hartwell's friend Playfair advises him to accept the mother's advances &mdash. The Nurse, who wishes Frances to marry a clownish suitor called Startup, arranges for Frances and Startup to eavesdrop on the conversation between Hartwell and Bellamy.
The novel opens with what appears to be an entry in Zuckerman's journal about his younger brother Henry. Henry is a forty year old dentist with a wife and kids. He has opted for the safety of a traditional profession and family life in contrast to Nathan, the famous writer.
A Cold Case follows real-life chief investigator Andy Rosenzweig from the Manhattan District Attorney's office. He investigates the 1970 murders of Richie Glennon and Pete McGinn, a case which was seemingly closed too soon.  A Cold Case is out now on Blu-ray and DVD.
Gortokai's real father was a slave who had originally been a contract laborer on Fernando Po. Until the very end of the book, it remains unclear quite how or why this slave's child came to be fostered. He describes himself as his foster family's main source of support. He also takes short-term bush-cutting contracts to earn money.
The novel deals with the confrontation between Nick Fury and the Ultimates, and the self-styled "Tomorrow Men" The Tomorrow Men claim to have travelled two centuries back in time to seek the help of theUltimates in combating Tiber, a criminal organization which, in their future, has ruined the entire planet. However, during a mission Iron Man is accidentally transferred into the Tomorrow Men's future, where he learns that not only is it merely an alternate future-it actually diverged from their own reality.
Simon goes on a collection to receive the five roubles and twenty kopeks owed to him by his customers. While approaching a holy shrine, Simon stops and notices something pale looking leaning against it. He peers harder and distinguishes that it is a naked man who appears poor. Simon debates what to do in his mind and feels shameful for his disregard and heads back to help the man.
The novel is set in December 1965. Carter is vacationing in a borrowed yacht in Hong Kong disguised as playboy, Clark Harrington. He is contacted by friend and CIA agent, Bob Ludwell. Ludwell confides in Carter that he is leaving Hong Kong that night to cross into China.
The new president of Russia is trying to create a democratic regime. But there are strong elements within the country that are trying to stop him. Op-Center, the newly-founded but highly successful crisis management team, begins a race against the clock and against the hardliners. Their task is made even more difficult by the discovery of a Russian counterpart.
The novel is set in a nameless South American country. The government has eliminated all indigenous languages and renamed all places as numbers. The protagonist, Norma, is the voice of a popular radio show that attempts to reconnect war refugees with their families. Her husband disappeared on a trip to a jungle village called 1797.
 Errors and Expectations devotes a chapter to eight of the most salient considerations in basic writing. Each chapter follows a three-pronged format: first, a range of examples; second, an explanation of causes of the problems. Shaughnessy explores the concept of the sentence and the differences between spoken and written English.
The Looking-Glass is a mosaic of multiple character stories and histories, interwoven in a non-linear fashion. Set in the mythical town of Reedyville, Alabama, it has been described as akin to the Spoon River style of storytelling with its multiple character studies.
The story takes place in New York City over the course of the hot summer of 1945. Grady McNeil, a 17-year-old upper class Protestant débutante, steadfastly refuses to accompany her parents on their usual summer ritual of travel. She persues a covert romance with Clyde Manzer, a Jewish parking lot attendant, whom she had noticed several months earlier.
A Good Clean Fight is set in North Africa in the spring of 1942. The British 8th Army is fighting against Axis forces advancing across Libya. RAF Hornet Squadron arrives in Egypt under the command of New Zealander 'Fanny' Barton. Two war correspondents, Lester and Malpacket, are desperate for a news story that will give them a big scoop.
"Don Jaime" is the story of a young man who falls in love with a young woman. The film follows the relationship between Don Jaime and Adela. The political atmosphere is in turmoil, evidenced by the newfound vigor with which the group at Café Progreso argues.
The first volume of The Cronnex is titled Jessan in homage to Jessex, the protagonist of Jim Grimsley's Kirith Kirin. The second volume, Niccas, is told from the point of view of Jessan's Jessan and Niccas are marked as avatars of a benevolent goddess.
The book tells the story of its main characters' final term at Cricklepit Combined School. It is principally narrated by 'Tyke' Tiler, a bold and athletic twelve-year-old with the reputation of being a troublemaker. The story ends with the revelation that Tyke is a girl, her full name being Theodora Tiler.
Gowie hates school. He bullies Heather and makes an enemy of the football team. His life changes forever when Rosie Lee comes to live next door. What is Gowie hiding? Who will save Gowie from himself? Click here to watch the full video.
The book is the story of a nameless student who becomes a "mathematical lunatic" The narrator is slowly transformed into a "math zombie" She dreams that she is trapped in a blackboard-room covered in math problems. Armed with only a piece of chalk, she must escape.
Chinese rebel Fan Su turns up in San Francisco, asking for Nick Carter. She wants his help in setting up her Undertong, a rebel group. The CIA and AXE are not interested - they don't see the Chinese government falling. But they do have a use for the organization. The Chinese are preparing to detonate an H-bomb near the Indian border.
Early revelations detail machinations by the Habsburg heiress Archduchess Maria Anna of Austria to gather information. Duke Maximilian I, Elector of Bavaria becomes a widower in need of a suitable Catholic bride. Cardinal-Infante Ferdinand of Spain contemplating a dynastic move of his own.
Two pirates, Carmaux and Wan Stiller, are rescued by the Lightning, a pirate ship under the command of Emilio of Roccabrunna, Lord of Valpenta and of Ventimiglia. Once aboard, the two inform the captain that his younger brother the "Red Corsair" has been hanged by the Governor of Maracaibo. The Black Corsair decides to sneak into the city to retrieve his brother's body.
The novel is loosely based on the seaside neighborhood of Fortunes Rocks, located in Biddeford, Maine. The novel is about a 15-year-old girl who falls in love with a married doctor and journalist. Their passionate affair produces a son and leads to far-reaching consequences that span several decades.
Wyvernhail is the story of Hai - the mongrel daughter of the Falcon Darien and Zane's older brother, Anjay. Hai is a creature out of place - not Avian, but a falcon poisoned with cobra blood. She must fight for her home, her place in the world, and the one being who truly understands her.
The one-act play opens with Devlin and Rebecca, described as "Both in their forties" Rebecca tells of a man who appears to be sexually abusing her and threatening to strangle her. Rebecca tells the killer, "Put your hand round my throat" -an act which Devlin acts out directly towards the end.
Sexton and Honora Beecher are newly married in 1929 New England. Sexton goes to work at the nearby mill and becomes involved with a plan to form a union, which eventually leads to disaster. events conspire to undermine the Beechers' marriage and financial hopes and dreams.
Walker Easterling is a film actor and screenwriter. He has dreams of inhabiting another identity, that of an Austrian named Moritz Benedikt who fought in the First World War and was subsequently murdered. Walker is contacted by his real father, a little man with no genitals whose name he does not know.
The 20th century is just under way, and somebody is killing the vampires of London. Simon Ysidro, oldest of the London vampires, seeks the assistance of Oxford professor James Asher, former spy for the British government. Asher's theory is that the killer must be a vampire himself, one able to remain awake and active in the daytime.
In this sequel to Those Who Hunt the Night, professor James Asher and his young wife, Lydia, are again swept up in the dangerous world of the undead. It is 1908, and a weary Asher, traveling home from his tiresome duties as executor of a relative's estate, spots Charles Farren, vampire Earl of Ernchester. Asher reluctantly trails the pair to Paris, wiring Lydia to alert her to the danger.
Olivia, the Queen of Murcia, is engaged to marry Leonario, the prince of Aragon. Ferdinand claims to be the Queen's cousin and the rightful heir to the throne. Ferdinand is accompanied by his page, Tiberio &mdash; who is Ferdinand's fiancee Rosania in disguise.
"Town of Evening Calm" is the story of a young woman, Minami Hirano, who survived the bomb when she was in her early teens. The film is based on a true story. Minami is bedridden from radiation poisoning. She dies just as her brother and aunt arrive.
The plot concerns librarian Ianthe Broome, a well-bred young woman left in comfortable circumstances by her late parents. There is no shortage of "suitable" candidates for Iantre's hand, notably Rupert Stonebird. Some of the action takes place against the backdrop of Rome, where Iante and a group of other churchgoers are taking a sightseeing holiday.
Carter relates an adventure commencing with a private war he and his picked followers have been waging against the resurgent Guild of Assassins. Carter becomes embroiled in the affairs of two rival scientists, Fal Sivas and Gar Nal, who are competing against each other to create a viable "synthetic brain"-controlled spacecraft. The Guild, in its own attempt at a preemptive strike against Carter, kidnaps his wife, the princess Dejah Thoris of Helium.
Connor is on his way home from school when he is run down by an ice-cream truck. He is sent to hell with his dog, Scrote, who choked on an ice cream cone which rolled off the truck. There he is sentenced to spending all eternity reading intellectual books and listening to classical music with his personal devil tormentor, Clarence. Eventually he meets a beautiful naked angel called Francessa who tells him that one person's hell could be his heaven.
Gwen, a Canadian, is visiting her cousin, Findabhair , in Ireland. The two, who keep regular correspondence, share a deep love of Irish mythology. Since their youth, they have tried to find a doorway to another world called Faerieland. Gwen decides to rescue her cousin from her fate, only to find she is happy.
Nancy, Bess, And George arrive at the McGuire's Fitness ranch in Arizona. Discover that the future of the ranch is being threatened by unexplained accidents. Teaming up with a ghost, Nancy begins her search for a precious collection of ancient kachina dolls.
Nancy, Bess and George arrive in Chicago for the 'Mystery Lovers Convention' The two stars scheduled to appear are kidnapped, and some think it is a ratings ploy. But Nancy uncovers the truth and only she can save them. The three friends travel to Chicago to attend the convention.
Stephanie Plum is reunited yet again with her lawyer ex-husband, Dickie Orr, while doing a favour for Ranger. When Dickie is later discovered missing from his apartment under some rather violent circumstances, Stephanie becomes the prime suspect in his apparent murder. While trying to prove her innocence she and Ranger uncover Dickie's ties to the partners in his law firm.
The story is set in 1964 in and around Los Angeles, California. Jim Hastings is a young boy who lives with his uncle, Edward St. Ives. Jim's father suffered a nervous breakdown upon his wife's death and has been institutionalized ever since. Jim is increasingly puzzled by a series of strange events that seem to happen around his friend Giles "Gill" Peach.
Love Chase is startlingly unlike its famous successor, Little Women. The ostentatiously Faustian plot centers on Rosamond Vivian, a discontented maiden. She marries Phillip Tempest, believing with the fatuousness of youth that her love will save him. Tempest pursues her for two years, telling her he enjoys the sport.
Paul de Manerville is a gentleman born of wealth and nobility. He falls in love with a beautiful girl named Natalie Evangelista, the daughter of a proud Spanish matriarch whose financial assets have been diminishing since the death of her husband. Too naïve and full of illusions to see the hidden motives of his bride's mother, Paul gets himself stuck in a frigid and childless marriage.
English teacher Erin Gruwell confronted a room of unteachable, at-risk students. She and her students undertook a life-changing, eye-opening, spirit-raising odyssey against intolerance and misunderstanding. They learned to see the parallels in these books to their own lives, recording their thoughts and feelings in diaries.
Don Vito Cortizone is deposed and is now called "Unlucky Vito" His only hope of returning to power resides in the mysterious cargo of a seaplane which flies him over the Pacific. After crashing the aircraft on the bottom of a lagoon in an atoll, he is helped by Spirou and Fantasio.
The novel tells the story of Humphrey Mackevoy, a young man who achieves sexual satisfaction by boring holes in trees and penetrating with them with his penis. Written in an epistolary style, consisting of newspaper cuttings, letters, and extensive excerpts from the diary of its protagonist.
The story starts with 10 year old Liza Barton accidentally shooting and killing her mother and shooting and injuring her stepfather Ted. Twenty-four years later, the story picks up with Liza determined to bury her past. She has changed her name to Celia Foster and married Alex Nolan after her first husband Larry's death.
Gaia Laelia comes from a pre-eminent Roman family with a long history of key religious positions. Gaia, herself, is considered the most likely candidate for election to the office of Vestal Virgin. When she disappears, Falco is officially asked to investigate. Meanwhile, Helena's brother Aelianus has problems of his own.
Marcus Didius Falco gives a poetry reading for family and friends. The event is taken over by Aurelius Chrysippus, a wealthy Greek banker. He subsequently offers to publish Falco's work. Falco is later implicated in the murder of ChrysippUS, found beaten to death.
Marcus Didius Falco plays a minor role in the trial of a senator. Falco finds himself in the role of advocate, exposing himself to powerful elements in Roman law. If he offends the wrong people, it might lead to charges he has not bargained for and ruin his family financially.
Marcus Didius Falco and Helena Justina travel to Ostia Antica, ostensibly on holiday. Falco is forced to confess to Petronius that he is in fact investigating the disappearance of Infamia. Piracy and other criminal traditions, long believed stamped out, are apparently alive and well in the region.
Marital problems cause Stephen Monk to return to his birthplace in Philadelphia. While there Monk undergoes a cathartic period of introspection. Though a member of the American jeunesse doree, Monk is an emotional and observant man. 'The World in the Evening' chronicles his bric-a-brac search for love.
Ryan Cawdor completes his rescue of his ten-year-old son Dean, with the assistance of his friends Krysty Wroth, Dr. Theophilus Tanner, J. B. Dix, and Mildred Wyeth. The group makes the jump to the New Mexico redoubt, spurned on by mostly unintelligible but urgent messages from Ryan.
The story follows two increasingly intertwined threads, a mystery in the present and a history narrated in the backstory. The mystery is the nature of Uncle Gabe's project, which Alex works to discover. As Alex does so, he becomes increasingly immersed The story switches back and forth between the developing mystery and the historical narrative.
The novel is a retelling of Hannibal Barca's assault on the Roman Republic. Durham draws a complex portrait of Hannibal, both as a warrior and as a husband and father. The novel ends roughly where the war ends, although Hannibal lived on for some years as both a political figure and a mercenary soldier.
David Anthony Durham made his literary debut with a haunting novel. The novel tells the tale of Gabriel Lynch, an African American youth who settles with his family in the plains of Kansas. By writing about African American characters, Durham gave voice to a population seldom included in our Western lore.
Walk Through Darkness is a provocative meditation on racial identity, freedom and equality. It followed Durham's award-winning Gabriel's Story and preceded his bestselling Pride of Carthage. When he learns that his pregnant wife has been spirited off to a distant city, William responds as any man might-he drops everything to pursue her.
Sarah follows the story of Abraham through the eyes and perspective of Sarah. The Biblical account of the life of Sarah is contained in Genesis 12 - 22 most of which is centered around Abraham. Card expands the story into a novel of over 300 pages, so many of the details and characters are fictional.
Mark Walsh, a young war photographer, returns to New York in 1989 after being injured in Kurdistan whilst on assignment. As Mark continues to deteriorate, Elena's grandfather sweeps onto the scene. In treating Mark, Joaquin sees a way back into his granddaughter's life. Despite Elena's disapproval, the two men begin to forge an extraordinary relationship.
The novel is notable for the complexity of Durham's imagined world. Political, economic, mythological and morally ambiguous forces all influence the fates of the ethnically and culturally diverse population. It is a fairly self-contained tale, but the author is at work on more volumes set in this world.
Natalie Nelson is a 12-year-old girl who writes a novel called The Cheater. Her best friend Zoe Reisman acts as her literary agent. At the end of the story, Natalie's mom and Zoe arrange a publication party for The Cheaters. It is hinted that Natalie will write more.
The novel opens introducing the reader to an alcoholic vagrant, resting in an abandoned and forgotten lock-keeper's house by a canal. As he is ruminating over the injustices inflicted upon him in his life, he is suddenly set upon by a pack of dog-sized rats and is devoured alive. The rat attacks become increasingly more daring, as more and more public places are attacked.
The novel is about a man named David Rain who goes to college and needs a place to stay. David immediately takes a liking to his story-writing dragon, Gadzooks. As time passes, David finds his relationship with his dragon slowly declining. David must give his dragon love in order to save Zookie and prevent his fire from diminishing forever.
The plot opens with a faux email addressed to Nigel MacDonald, listing a job offer. It is then learned that a cybercrime has been committed in the massively multiplayer online role-playing game Avalon Four. The main story is then divided between police chapters as Sue, investigation sections as Elaine, and programmer and gamer geek sections as Jack.
Lin is one of five remaining members of the Round Table. Beneath her stoic facade, she is torn by grief and self-doubt. 12 years pass in restless wandering. Nightmares of Camlann and of a past that she has kept hidden. The family at last camps in the shadow of Camelot.
The story begins with Urza becoming a Planeswalker. After the cataclysm at the end of The Brothers' War, the 'walker spark within Urza gives him the ability to traverse between worlds. Xantcha is sent on a mission to Efuan Pincar, where she buys a slave boy by the name of Ratepe.
A man named Jenkins is put on trial after accidentally damaging a computer system. The trial, which is carried out by computers, finds Jenkins guilty of equipment damage. He is sentenced to permanent exile. Only at the end of the story is it revealed that the society is built beneath the surface of the Moon, with a totally conditioned and computer-controlled environment.
The Duke of Parma, Foscari, has been plying his marriage suit to the Duchess of Mantua &mdash. The Duchess announces that she intends to select a husband from her own courtiers. Egged on by her new favorite Giotto and her lady in waiting Laura, each lord flatters himself that he is the favored candidate. In the end, the Duchess gently mocks and reproves her eccentric courtiers, and announces she will marry Giotto.
The novel is written as a first-person narrative of Peotr Pustota. In the introduction to this book it is claimed that unlike Dmitri Furmanov's book "Chapayev", this book is the truth. The book is set in two different times - after the October revolution and in modern Russia.
The setting of e is the very beginning of the new millennium inside the London office of Miller Shanks, a prominent international advertising agency. When the novel opens two major projects are under way: the shooting, on location in Mauritius, of a commercial for a porn channel; and preparations for a sales pitch, with Coca-Cola as the company's prospective client.
The novel concerns the arrival of Englishman Major Brendan Archer at the Majestic Hotel on the Wexford coast in south-east Ireland in 1919. Archer is convinced he is engaged, though sure he had never actually proposed, to Angela Spencer, the daughter of Edward Spencer. As the novel progresses, social and economic relationships break down, mirrored by the gentle decay of the hotel.
In 1992 twenty Ivy League football players visit Japan, to play an exhibition match against Japanese college kids. On this trip, Princeton University's contribution to that all-star-Ivy team, John Malcolm, encountered a Princeton alum, Dean KP. Dean KP discovered a $350 million "accounting glitch," and assigned responsibility for the glitch to one of its managing directors. Both Carney and Malcolm were out of jobs, Leeson was making huge unauthorized trades.
Adrift in a dangerous world, she vows to avenge her father's death and restore his name to honor. To do so, she will have to travel the Tokaido Road. All she has is her samurai training-in Haiku and Tanka poetry, in the use of the deadly six-foot weapon, the naginata, and in Japanese Zen thought.
Jane Victoria Stuart, called Victoria by her family, lives in Toronto, Ontario, with her mother, grandmother, and aunt. Her grandmother is very strict and is jealous of anything that her daughter Robin loves. Jane believes her father to be Jane's estranged father asks her to stay with him for the summer on the Island.
Jack Reacher gets off a Greyhound bus in the fictional town of Margrave, Georgia. He remembers his brother mentioning that a musician named "Blind Blake" died there. Much to his surprise, he's arrested in a local diner for murder. He meets an honest detective called Finlay, and tries to prove he was not there when the murder happened.
Professor Harry Goodman has engineered a strain of "C Cells" which are incredibly resiliant to damage and disease. Goodman is actively searching for ways these C Cells could be implemented to insert into ones body to cure disease. Jon Hansen has been working on an ambitious project to reorganize the United Nations. Christian Fundamentalists, citing various prophecies in the Bible, identify Hansen as the Ant.
Reacher has paused in his travels and is working in Chicago when he stumbles into the kidnapping of FBI agent Holly Johnson and he is also held. The pair are whisked across the United States in the back of a stolen Ford Econoline van, while back in Chicago Holly's colleagues frantically piece together the puzzle of her sudden disappearance. Initially they are detained in a barn in North Dakota but Reacher kills one of their captors and hides the body . They are moved on again in the van. Arriving in Yorke County , a remote area of Montana, Reacher and Holly find themselves up against the Montana Militia.
The world is still grieving the loss caused by the China-India-Pakistan War. The United Nations sets out to provide aid to the survivors of the war. Two men, Saul Cohen and John the Apostle, give prophecies of plagues. Only Christopher Goodman and his close advisors acknowledge the prophecies.
Christopher Decker's address from the top of the Temple in Jerusalem is revisited. Christopher reveals to the world that humanity is on the brink of its greatest evolutionary step, which people are heralding as the New Age. The greatest threat to humankind Christopher reveals that he will help accelerate this process, by instituting a Communion.
The novel is set during a ten-year interval, from 68-58 BC, which Julius Caesar spent mainly in Rome. It opens with Caesar returning early from his quaestorship in Spain, and closes with his epochal departure for the Gallic campaigns. Some of the pivotal moments include Caesar's marriage to Pompeia; his curule aedileship; his narrow election as Pontifex Maximus in 63 BC.
Dexter Morgan is a serial killer trained by his adopted father, a police detective, to channel his murderous urges through vigilantism. The source of Dexter's blood lust and investigative prowess is a voice in his mind that he calls the " Dark Passenger" Dexter is stalked by members of a mysterious cult who believe his Dark Passenger to be a threat to them. This is the first of Jeff Lindsay's "Dexter" series not narrated exclusively in the first-person point of view.
Twin fawns Geno and Gurri learn the pleasures as well as downsides of nature and their forest home. Their father, Bambi, watches over them and, at times, takes care of them while their mother is busy. One day, Gurri gets attacked by a fox, but survives. When she comes back, tension's between her family and Rolla's family start to rise.
The story starts as Micaela, a Watcher, unknowingly releases the demon, Kandida, one of the leaders of the Dark Congress. Then, we find Buffy, and Xander in Providence, Rhode Island, trekking to With a very ancient spell Willow is able to resurrect her former lover Tara Maclay.
The novel begins with Arkady at the tip of Havana Bay as the sun begins to rise on what promises to be a hot one in Cuba. The Cuban militia has what they believe is a dead Russian. Renko being a Senior Investigator from Moscow who knew Pribluda, the Cubans are hoping he can expedite matters by both confirming the liquefying corpse's identity.
After the events in Storm Front, Kim Delaney, who Dresden helped to control her magical talents, asks Dresden how to create a set of three magical circles, which could be used to contain powerful entities. Lt. Karrin Murphy asks Dresden to consult on a homicide. A henchman of Johnnie Marcone's was found near a group of wolfish paw prints.
The prologue opens with a mystery person's point of view on knowledge, power and killing. The story begins in New York City, with Reacher confronting and beating up two thugs sent to collect protection racket money. Reacher is picked up by the FBI and questioned on who he is working for, but explains he is a l
Jack Reacher meets Carmen Greer in a Texas bar. She tells him that her tax-evading husband Sloop is coming out of prison soon, and he will beat her up. Carmen needs somebody to kill him, and she thinks Reacher's military background may help her get rid of him. Reacher agrees to go back to the ranch where Carmen and Sloop live to keep an eye on her.
Reacher arrives in Atlantic City, New Jersey, after hitching a ride with a couple of aging musicians. He is accosted there by Mary Ellen Froelich, a beautiful secret service agent who managed to track him down. She has a special request for him: she consults him on how he could kill the Vice-President.
The book is written in the first person, only the second Jack Reacher novel to be treated in this fashion. It becomes apparent that the original 'kidnap' of a teenage boy is merely a setup. The penultimate climactic battle between Reacher and a steroid-enhanced giant is a masterpiece in tension.
The book opens with the main character, Rahm, waking from stasis. He is cast against a coalition of large Insect species; the Wasps, Leapers, and Ants. Bug Wars takes place an unspecified length of time before the present. The song "Reminder," would suggest that it is at least one million years.
The novella is split into eight sections - each spanning roughly an hour. The narrative is fragmented, often making it difficult to tell who is talking or thinking. Dick awakes to find a fair being set up in the street outside. He recalls a visit he took to Bordeaux with his ex-lover Angela.
The book introduces General Vassell and Colonel Coomer, and later their errand boy, Major Marshall. It becomes clear that they are hiding something, related to an agenda for a meeting that was in Kramer's briefcase. Two soldiers named Carbone and Brubaker are murdered soon afterward. It turns out that Carbone filed a complaint against Reacher, his first in a sixteen-year career, for assault.
Reacher has no job, no home, no car, and a shrinking savings account from his past military pay. A lone gunman in a parking garage calmly fires into a rush hour crowd in a public plaza, committing a massacre of five random victims with six shots. Reacher believes Barr is guilty but Barr's sister Rosemary is convinced of her brother's innocence and entreats lawyer Helen Rodin to defend her brother.
Reacher is roaming alone with no objectives, no phone, no address, just the clothes he's wearing and his ATM card. Reacher receives a deposit for over $100,000 in his account, automatically analyzes it, and thinks the amount is just a boring plain number. But the detailed report shows multiple deposits, "101810.18. 10012 "Second deposit was her zip code: 10012 Greenwich Village. Where she lived.
The story begins with a prologue explaining how a man named Hook Hobie had a secret to hide and had planned a careful escape route. Re Victor Hobie was a skilled pilot who lost his hand when his helicopter went down. Hobie is actually a soldier named Carl Allen who stole Hobie's identity. Reacher confronts Allen, leading to a gun fight between the two. Allen is killed, and Reacher sustains a bullet wound to the chest.
The play's narrator is Clifford Glimmer, the only son of Gene, a talented but self-absorbed jazz trumpeter. Clifford eventually assumes the role of breadwinner his father has forsaken and offers his mother the emotional support Gene cannot. Scenes alternate between the family's Spartan New York City apartment and the smoke-filled nightclubs of another era.
The story is told in switching first-person narratives between Patience and Sarah. The first part is told by Patience White, a woman of considerable means compared to others in her town. The narrative switches to Sarah's perspective as she cuts off all her hair, renames herself "Sam" and walks west alone.
The novel consists of five parts that tell the life of Gergely Bornemissza from the age of eight until the year 1552, when he is in his early thirties. It is about a force about 200,000 Turks is approaching the little town of Eger, the citadel of which is only defended by 2000 soldiers. Even though the forces of the Turks are overwhelming, the Hungarians are able to defend themselves.
Mihály Timár is a young man working on the transport ship St. Barbara on the River Danube. The ship is owned by Athanáz Brazovics, a rich Serbian merchant living in Komárom. One night Timéa pretends to be Athalie Brazovic while she is preparing for her wedding with Kacsuka.
The book describes two "spaces" that exist simultaneously in the universe, each of three spatial dimensions. Each has developed faster-than-light transportation that relies on navigation through a fourth dimension that the two spaces share. The residents of one of the spaces use their superior weaponry and psychic abilities to help the residents of the other defeat a Hitler-like leader.
The protagonist of the book is Aasha Rani, a dark, chubby girl from Madras. She has striven for seven years to become a famous Bollywood starlet. She falls in love with Akshay Arora. Aasha then meets a young lady named Shonali who she begins to spend a lot of time with.
The narrator discusses the phenomenon of a giant mole in a far village. The village schoolmaster tries to bring its existence to the public attention, only to become an object of derision to the scientific community. Without knowing the schoolmaster, the narrator tries to defend him and his honesty in a paper about the giant mole.
The novel begins with Dreyfus being sent out on a routine assignment to lock down a glitter-band habitat for polling violations. His superiors send one of his deputies, Thalia Ng, to distribute software upgrades around the Glitter Band. Thalia has distributed the software upgrade to the required four habitats across the glitter band, but it appears to be malfunctioning. Information access is shut down in the habitats she has visited, and servitors are rounding up and exterminating civilians.
The novel begins in the fictional city of Kingsbridge, England in the year 1327. Four children - Merthin, Caris, Gwenda, and Merthin's brother Ralph - head into the woods on All Hallows Day. Sir Thomas flees to Kingsbridge and seeks refuge in the monastery and becomes a Benedictine monk. The four children swear never to speak of what they saw.
The book is critical of the white government of South Africa and the Apartheid system. It attacks the mistreatment of blacks and the brutality commonly used by the police. Biko covers the life of South African anti-apartheid activist Steve Biko from the view of his friend Donald Woods.
Pot-Bouille recounts the activities of the residents of a block of flats in the Rue de Choiseul over the course of two years. The novel follows the adventures of 22-year-old Octave Mouret, who moves into the building and takes a salesman's job at a nearby shop.
This volume deals with the aftermath of World War I in Europe during the 1920s and later the Roaring Twenties. After two disastrous affairs with married women Lanny marries in the end a rich heiress from New York, Irma. In the climax Lanny covers his father's stock market margin call on Black Thursday, Oct 24th 1929.
War with neighboring country of Scanra is declared at last, and Kel finds herself in charge of a refugee camp. She must feed them, house them, and keep them safe from harm. Kel tricks her guards into returning to Lord Wyldon without her. She is soon joined by Neal, several of her other year-mates, Owen, Tobe and members of the King's Own.
Dingo, Mirbeau's final novel, appeared in completed form with Fasquelle in 1913. An autobiographical fiction, the tale chronicles the author's adventures with his pet dog Dingo. The novel offers a jaundiced view of country life, in Ponteilles-en-Barcis.
Already Dead follows the adventures of a vampyre named Joe Pitt as he tries to figure out a mysterious zombie epidemic stemming around New York. Joe has a girlfriend named Evie, a human that is HIV positive, is currently terrified of any sexual contact since she's afraid of infecting him with the sickness.
Heikichi is murdered while working on a portrait of Aries. A foreword from the author challenges the readers to try to solve the gruesome mysteries themselves. In Act 4, Mitarai remains coy as to the solution, but takes Ishioka to a polite meeting with the culprit.
The book follows an ensemble of protagonists who are investigating what first appear to be freak events related to the world's oceans. The events that are witnessed by the protagonists are only part of a worldwide phenomenon. The yrr form a collective intelligence and have inheritable memories that are passed on by manipulating parts of their DNA. Individual yrr recognize each other by using a specific pheromone.
Set in the year 2007, the former Soviet Union is engaged in a civil war. A young man, Greg Kovinski, and his anti-war activist friends come into control of enough riemanium to build a bomb. The city of Oakland rises in revolt akin to the Paris Commune and a revolution begins.
The Lady Riches has two suitors, Gettings and Clod. The outcome of their dispute is that Clod challenges Gettings to a duel. Lady Honor also has her suitors &mdash; in her case, the Courtier and Soldier ply their suits to her while Ingenuity watches.
Lady Honoria has three suitors for her hand in marriage: Alamode, a courtier; Alworth, a scholar; and Conquest, a colonel. Lady Aurelia Mammon has two suitors of her own, a wealthy Londoner named Fulbank and a countryman called Maslin. Lady Mammon's usher, a demon called Phantasm, helps Fulbank to win his Lady's hand.
Mr.Sampath, The Printer of Malgudi keeping with R.Ks novels has a very simple storyline. And as ever, R. K elevates the novel with his captivating characterization and scintillating story telling. The two entirely contrasting good hearted characters forge a great partnership.
The narrative deals with the problems of Parvez, who has migrated from Pakistan to Britain with his son Ali. Parvez worries because Ali's behavior has changed significantly. Ali criticizes his father's way of life because in his opinion his father is "too implicated in Western civilization" and breaks the Koran's rules.
Jung described the book as "pure poison", referring to the controversial nature of the book. He did, however, feel an urge to write the book, which has been criticised. Jung saw this evil side of God as the missing fourth element of the Trinity, which he believed should be supplanted by a Quaternity.
"The League of Atonement" seeks to protect Wolfe from threats and apprehensions. Some of the League have begun dying, though from the actions of Paul Chapin, other menaces, or simply the ordinary course of life is not yet known. The effectiveness of Wolfe's work is to be decided by a majority vote of the members.
The novel introduces Lieutenant Rowcliff, not one of the NYPD's finest. The search for Clara Fox in the brownstone earns Wolfe's enmity, which lasts until the final Wolfe novel in 1975. Archie books two new clients on the same day, and before the day is over Wolfe has to choose which to keep.
In the midst of a murder investigation, one of the suspects visits Wolfe and begs Wolfe to handle his estate and especially the contents of a certain red box. Wolfe is at first concerned about a possible conflict of interest, but feels unable to refuse. The police naturally think that he told Wolfe somewhat more before dying.
The famous Hawthorne sisters visit Nero Wolfe in a body to ask his help in averting a scandal. Their conference is interrupted by the arrival of their brother's widow. Once a most beautiful woman, Daisy Hawthorne was horribly disfigured by her husband in an accident. She is now famous as a tragic and quite unsettling figure.
"Cordially Invited to Meet Death" is the second novella in a collection of short stories. The story is about a man who solves a murder in exchange for three black orchid plants. The orchids are the only ones in existence, and they have a cameo role in the story.
The protagonist, Mattia Pascal, finds that his promising youth has dissolved into a dreary dead-end job and a miserable marriage. Death robs him even of his beloved mother. He ultimately decides to fake his own death and return to his original life. But even that proves difficult; his family and town have long since adjusted to his "death"
A malcontent at the Naylor-Kerr corporation charges that one of its employees, thought to have been killed in a hit-and-run accident, was actually murdered. The president of the colossal company hires Archie to look into the matter in the guise of a personnel consultant.
Dazy Perrit, a notorious gangster, arrives at the brownstone to enlist Wolfe's help. Archie fears that Perrit will tell Wolfe something that Wolfe would prefer not to know. Wolfe needs to meet Perrit's real daughter, whose name is Beulah Page. As they arrive at her residence, a car drives by, and from it a man is firing a gun at them.
Elkinos Skander is an archaeologist stationed on the planet of Dalgonia. The planet was formerly occupied by the long-dead Markovian race. Skander and Varnett discover a surface anomaly near the north pole of the planet. Both believe that they will be able to use this anomaly to access the planetary computer.
The Carpathians are a powerful and ancient race. They have many gifts, including the ability to shape-shift. Despite their gifts, the Carpathian are on the edge of extinction. There have been few children born to them in the past few centuries. Without females, many of the males are turning, becoming vampires.
Flip doesn't think she'll ever fit in at the Swiss boarding school. The day she's out walking alone and meets a French boy, Paul, things change for Flip. And Both Were Young is distinctive among L'Engle's works because she restored some of the original story decades after its original publication.
Camilla is facing significant problems at home. Her mother, Rose, has begun an affair with a man named Jacques. Camilla is torn between her loyalty to both parents and begins to realize they are very imperfect people. To cope with the struggle, Camilla befriends Frank, her best friend's older brother.
Richard Rahl, leader of the D'Haran Empire, has been captured by an Imperial Order commander. During Richard's imprisonment, he is warned by a cloaked specter that he is now a player of the Boxes of Or Jagang's excavations in the Azrith Plains. Three Sisters of the Dark enter, killing Ann and capturing Nicci, while soldiers are sent Richard and Nicci enter to the Palace through the catacombs.
Jamie and Lucy find themselves living in the caretaker's cottage at Langley Park. Lucy explores the house alone. In the attic she thinks she hears voices in the distance - but can't understand what they're saying. Lucy becomes aware of a heavy, oppressive feeling and the warning song of a blackbird.
Scientist Gilgram Zinder has finally decoded the ancient Markovian physics that controls our universe. Corrupt politician and drug dealer Antor Trelig is aware of Zinder's work through the efforts of his assistant, Ben Yulin. Zinder and Yulin construct "Obie", a sentient supercomputer, building it in Markovist fashion. In the process Obie is activated and accidentally makes contact with the Well World.
In Exiles at the Well of Souls, Mavra Chang was captured by the Olborn, who use magical stones to convert beings into beasts of burden. Eleven years later, Chang remains an involuntary guest in the native hex of the human equivalents on the Well, Glathriel. After multiple attempts to escape, she has been reconditioned to accept her existence. Several other players who participated in the drama in Exiles are also introduced.
Susan Mitchell is pledging to the Tri Epsilon sorority at the fictional Cranston University. She is drawn to older sorority member Leda Taylor who is direct and independent. Mitch is persuaded by her sorority to invite the fraternity president to a dance at the sorority house, where he rapes her after getting her drunk. They begin an affair in secret, both of them continuing to date.
Bryson's research enabled him to include many stories about Australia's 19th-century explorers and settlers who suffered extreme deprivations. His writings are intertwined with recurring humorous themes, notably, in the chapter Crossing Australia he makes constant reference to drinking of urine to survive, as was done by many 19th century explorers.
Eric Sanderson, a British man in his late twenties, was working with the Un-Space Exploration Committee after the death of his girlfriend, Clio Aames. His hope was to preserve his memories of her within the body of a conceptual creature. This leads to his intentional release of a Ludovician-the most dangerous of the conceptual fish-on himself. He loses memories of his life as they are devoured by the Ludovicians. He awakes as the Second Eric Sanderson.
Fiona Monaghan lives a high flying life, flitting between cities following her passion for fashion. Fiona is content to live her life with only her dog, Sir Winston shares her bed until she met John Anderson. After a world wind romance over several continents, Fiona opens up her heart for John. As the two plan their life together, it all begins to unravel disastrously.
Lord Tarkington marries Rosemary and they travel to Translyvania. They stay with relations of Peter's who she knows from earlier visits she took with Peter's Hungarian mother. She discovers that Anna Hever has been helping Anna and Philip will be temporarily freed for the month she has to write the articles. If she refuses they will be re-arrested and sentenced to death as Rosemary writes the arictles.
A friend sets Theresa up on a blind date with a nice guy named Tony who works in the computer industry. By the end of this date, she realizes that he is not right for her and politely excuses herself from the date. Tony continues to intrude further into Theresa's life, with unexpected visits to her office and unsettling phone messages at her home. She eventually loses everything, including her identity, humanity, and will, as she changes her name and moves out of New York City.
Dick Young is offered the use of Kilmarth, the house of his biophysicist friend Magnus Lane, in Cornwall. He also agrees to act as a guinea-pig for a drug Magnus has developed. On taking it for the first time, he finds that it enables him to enter into the landscape around him as it was during the early 14th century. He becomes drawn into the lives of the people he sees there, particularly Lady Isolda Carminowe.
The Well of Stars features the same universe and the same characters as the earlier novel Marrow. The ship is entering a dark nebula, dubbed the Ink Well, which turns out to be inhabited by an intelligent and hostile entity which calls itself "polyponds" The ship fights for its existence, while it is suggested that the enemies of the ship's creators are in pursuit.
Famous writer Victor Banev finds himself in the middle of strange events linked to slimies or four-eyes. The action takes place in an uncertain mildly-authoritarian country, in an unnamed town. The town's adult population is terrified by their existence, considering them to be the cause of all the bad and odd things in the town.
Adam Berendt, a charismatic sculptor, drowns in a river as he tries to rescue children on a Fourth of July cookout. A suburban woman decides to leave her husband Owen, since he never seems to pay attention to her. Roger Cavanagh tells Lionel Hoffmann he will soon be a father for the second time. Abigail Des Pres finds herself stalking an Asian-American girl with a 'red beret'
Anthony Fallon is the Terran deposed as king of the Krishnan island of Zamba. He makes a precarious living as a city guardsman and spy for the nomad realm of Qaath. Fallon would reappear, reformed, in the later Krishna novel The Swords of Zinjaban as a Terran official.
Jody Gibson owned and operated an exclusive global escort service under the name "Super Madam Sasha" She also led a double life on radio and television as a recording artist known as "Babydol" Gibson evades law enforcement, but then is tried and convicted in a high profile trial.
Seventeenth Summer is a book about a 17-year-old girl named Angeline "Angie" Morrow. Angie gets asked out on her first date by the local high school's basketball star, Jack Duluth, 18. The novel ends with Angie leaving for college and the two have a heartfelt goodbye.
Karla Sorensen is the fading one-time star of a glut of low-budget Hammer-style horror movies from the 1960s and 1970s. She finds herself in the new millennium short on cash and willing to work anywhere - even on Menswear. Fortunately, as she sold her soul to the Devil during the World war II, Karla has hidden reserves to fall back on.
Much of the book discusses the history of Scientology, including the early period and development of Dianetics. Evans also reviews UFO cults, the Aetherians, the Atlanteans, biofeedback, yoga, theosophy, and The Fourth Way. He contends that the allure of such cults is that they offer a sense of community and comfort in the face of a world dominated by science.
Skeeter is a 14-year-old orphan who lives with his uncle Jesse in the swamps of the Pascagoula River in Mississippi. He has heard the sound of a strange animal in the swamp near their shack. The next day, Skeeter sets out to tame the dog, and it proves to be a friendly female.
A group of Russian anarchists kidnap a Russian prince in Vienna. On learning that the Cardinal d'Orsay has agreed to convey some hollow candlesticks from the Emperor to the Princess Marionoff in St Petersburg, two spies both see the possibility of using them to convey messages safely into Russia. When the candlestick go missing at the border, the two engage in a race to get them back.
Set in puritan Kent in 1657, the story focuses on the intrigues of Sir Marmaduke de Chevasse. He is determined to secure the vast fortunes of his lovely ward, Lady Sue, for himself. Sue presents a girlish figure; she is young, alert and vigorous.
Crystal, the only daughter of the old, long-exiled haughty royalist, the Comte de Cambray, is on the eve of betrothal to de Marmont. Crystal has yet another admirer, Maurice de St. Genis, whose impecunious state has precluded him from obtaining her hand in marriage. Despite the sudden rupture of her engagement, Crystal"s heart is by no means broken.
The book tells the story of Skafloc, elven-fosterling and originally son of Orm the Strong. Orm kills a witch's family on the land and later half-converts to a Christian, but quarrels with the local priest and sends him off the land. Meanwhile, an elf named Imric, with the help of the witch, seeks to capture the newly born son.
The book alleges that the planning of the Iraq war was mismanaged by both the Bush administration as well as the U.S. Army. Ricks also heavily criticizes the actions of L. Paul Bremer and explores his impact as head of the Coalition Provisional Authority.
The novel is set among the Gullah people of the Low Country in South Carolina. The date is never clearly established, but appears to be around the beginning of the twentieth century. The title character, Mary, was an orphan on an abandoned plantation who was raised by Auntie Maum Hannah and her crippled son Budda Ben.
The novel concerns a boy named Laughing Boy who is in search for wealth and popularity among his Navajo tribe. He comes upon a woman whom he really likes, Slim Girl. They later marry without the full approval of his family. They live a happy life together for many years bringing things from each other's culture into their relationship.
Colonel Miltiades Vaiden is a decorated Civil War Confederate officer, former overseer of Crownshield plantation and head of local KKK chapter. The title, "The Store", is symbolic of Col. Milt's ethical and economic transition from post war poverty to economic independence.
The Scandal of Scientology is a book about the Church of Scientology. The work includes twenty-seven photographs, taken by the author in the course of research for the book. The book also details L. Ron Hubbard's actions later in life: his retreat to sea, isolated lifestyle in California, and death.
Clay Calvert is a hand on the sheep ranch of Preston Shivley, his stepfather's father. In the he killed the mansection of the story, Clay Calvert becomes a fugitive himself. He and a Tunne Indian boy flee into the wilderness where Clay joins up with a horse-trader who has a beautiful young daughter.
Cupid and Death was performed at Rutland Boughton's Glastonbury Festival in 1919, by the Consorte of Musicke in 1985, and by the Halastó Kórus in Budapest in 2008. In the tale and in Shirley's retelling, Death and Cupid accidentally exchange their arrows and cause chaos as a result.
The book is narrated in the first person, in the manner of a coming-of-age story, or Bildungsroman. The protagonist is Omon Krivomazov, born in Moscow in the post-World War II years. In the book, Omon and his friend are whisked out of the academy into a top-secret installation under KGB headquarters in Moscow.
Fitzwilliam Darcy accompanies his cousin, Colonel Richard Fitzwilliam, to Rosings Park, the home of Lady Catherine de Bourgh. Driven to distraction by his feelings for Elizabeth - and his jealousy over Darcy proposes to Elizabeth Bennet, but she rejects his proposal. She is angered by Darcy's role in persuading his friend Charles Bingley to break his ties with Jane Bennet.
Pollyanna, now cured of her crippling spinal injury, spends her time teaching the "glad game" to new town, and a very bitter woman. Along the way she makes new friends, such as Sadie and Jamie: Jamie is a delicate literary genius whose withered legs compel him to rely on a wheelchair and crutches.
The story begins with an introduction to the character of Ed Kennedy, a down-and-out underage taxi driver. Ed is hopelessly in love with his best friend Audrey, who, to his dismay, feels that she cares about him too much to date him. Throughout the book, Ed receives different playing cards in the mail. Each card is a different ace, and each ace contains a series of tasks.
The plot of Avicenna's Persian allegorical tale was very different from Ibn Tufail's later novel. The story of Hayy Ibn Yaqzan is also similar to the later story of Mowgli in Rudyard Kipling's The Jungle Book. It reflects one of the main concerns of Muslim philosophers , that of reconciling philosophy with revelation.
Ryo is a high school freshman who tends to take people's words literally. She creates an imaginary cell phone, feeling it would be pointless to buy one when no one would call. One day while she is on the bus, her Ryo is shocked and after they disconnect, she tries calling people and connects with a college student named Yumi.
Gary Paulsen was once a beaver trapper in Minnesota, earning barely enough money from the job to support his wife and son. His neighbors assisted him by giving him a few older sled dogs, which he gradually learns to properly run. Part One closes, and Part Two begins with Paulsen entering a team of fifteen of his dogs in the Iditarod Sled Dog Race.
Ten-year-old Chamdi has spent his entire life in a Bombay orphanage. When he learns that the orphanage will be shut down by land developers, he decides to run away in search of his long-lost father. Chamdi quickly discovers that Bombay is nothing like Kahunsha. The streets are filthy and devoid of colour, and no one shows him an ounce of kindness.
 Fontenelle's work was not cast polemically against the world views of either the Catholic Church or the protestant churches. The book itself is presented as a series of conversations between a gallant philosopher and a marquise, who walk in the latter's garden at night and gaze at stars.
The Tenth Doctor and Martha Jones journey to the present day. Cybermen have been teleporting into labs and stealing technology. The Army also want to get their hands on the Doctor, and ask for his help. The Doctor and the Army plan to attack the Millennium Dome. But the Cybermen realize that the Doctor's methods do not work.
 Cry of the Newborn centers around four newborn babies, in the town of Westfallen, in Caraduk. The entire town is unique in all of the Conquord, as magic not only exists, but is a part. The four Ascendants are: *Gorian *Mirron * Arducious *Ossacer.
The story begins with Charlie, whose parents are recently divorced, meeting his father in a restaurant with his best friend Jack Farrell. Soon afterward, Charlie is unknowingly possessed by a demon known as the Scourge. He also joins the society known as The Brotherhood Of Sleep, who imprisoned the Scourge in the roots of a tree until one of their own released him.
Virgil Copeland and Randall Panwar are forced to give a project review to the senior staff of Equatorial Systems alone when their fellow scientist Gabrielle Villanti fails to show up. Ela Suvanatat is a freelance journalist doing a story on the plight of fishing villages in Vietnam when the Equasys lab module crashes offshore. She comes into contact with the Roi Nuoc, a group of children under the care of a nearly sentient computer program named Mother Tiger.
Elizabeth Butler is an archaeologist and the author of several popular books. She has a strange gift, connected to a suicide attempt as a young woman, which allows her to see the spirits of ancient people. The story opens with Elizabeth in the middle of an eight-week field study at Dzibilchaltún.
New York police have written the case off as an accident. A Peoria businessman asks Wolfe to investigate the hit-and-run death of his daughter. Much of the plot - and the eventual solution to the mystery - turns on the daily life of a big law office.
Geophysicist Gordon Graham is a participant in the Gamanovia Project, whose mission is to increase the land area of the overpopulated twenty-second century Earth. A sinister group concealing itself under the mask of the bogus Churchillian Society is attempting to discover the secrets of the project. Graham allies himself with World Federation constable Reinhold Sklar and Jeru's fiance Varnipaz bad-Savarun to thwart the plotters.
The Scorpion God is set in Ancient Egypt in pre-Pharaonic times. It involves three main characters: "Great House", his son, and "The Liar" The Liar is a renegade of foreign origin who has knowledge of the world. He is threatened with being made a human sacrifice to accompany his master in death.
Samuel Mountjoy, a talented painter but a directionless and unhappy man, is a prisoner of war in Germany during WWII. Recently some inmates escaped from his camp. A Gestapo officer, Dr. Halde, interviews Sammy in an attempt to find out about the escape organization. When Sammy denies knowing anything, Halde has him locked in a small store-room, awaiting possible torture. Under the pressure of the darkness and horrified anticipation he gradually breaks down.
All three books in this trilogy, Swan Lake, A City in Winter, and the final novel in the series, The Veil of Snows abound in winter season atmosphere and fairy tale magic. The story is told in flashback to her unborn child; she recalls her return to the city at age ten, and tells how the restoration came about.
Lirwani agents launch a covert strike to abduct Tess and assassinate the King and Queen. As part of the plot, Tess is drugged via a drink presented to her by one of the agents posing as a stable worker. Andreus finally begins the military maneuvers against Meldrith which had been feared in Wren to the Rescue.
Hawk Rhiscarlan attempts to gain favor with Andreus of Senna Lirwan by succeeding where Andreus was foiled in Wren to the Rescue. Tyron is deployed in the guise of a dog in order to gain reconnaissance among the nobles of Cantirmoor which might reveal who is behind the trouble. Wren ventures to the records center for the Siradi border guards who found her in a brigand-devastated trade caravan as a very young child.
Set in an alternate 18th-century realm, twelve-year-old Mosca Mye has the ability to read. Enter Eponymous Clent, a smooth-talking con man who seems to love words nearly as much as Mosca herself. Soon Mosca and Clent are living a life of deceit and danger.
Drama teacher Joy Stone is losing her grip. All the while, she is trying to cope with the loss of her married lover and her own mother. Through the wit and irony that is gaining international applause, Galloway crafts the chicken-or-egg dilemma of life in our times and being depressed.
A cloaked ship is attacking other ships, killing the crew and taking all the cargo. The attacking is going after Cardassian ships as well, causing the powerful Gul Dukat to show up. The two sides reach a cautious agreement to hunt down the ship. Two Deep Space Nine crew-people are captured by the cloaked enemy.
Twig has been raised in the Deepwoods, far from human civilization. He sets off to find his true kind when he learns from his adoptive mother that he is not a woodtroll. The forest is populated with both fierce natural The Gloamglozer can shapeshift in order to attract victims.
The series stars Kathleen Mallory, a policewoman who is 5'10", blond, beautiful, and stunningly green-eyed. Her physical beauty masks a cold, amoral interior, however; O'Connell describes Mallory as a sociopath. Mallory still deals with issues from her traumatic childhood, but she has an undying love for her adopted parents.
A crucial peace conference fills Deep Space Nine with intrigue. Kira and Worf take a mission into enemy territory to discover the secrets of the chemical that controls the Jem'Hadar warriors. Odo may be their only hope of survival but he'll have to fight against his own people.
Western society is split up into nine castes, from Lower-Lower to Mid-Lower all the way up to the privileged Upper-Upper. The Universal Disarmament Pact had restricted the military to pre-1900 technology. When upstart Vacuum Tube Transport finds itself forced into an expensive, division-sized fracas with Continental Hovercraft, he sees his opportunity.
Suleiman is a nine-year-old boy living in Tripoli in Libya. He is stuck between a father whose anti-Gaddafi activities bring about searches, stalkings and telephone eavesdroppings by Gaddafi's state police. The only people he has to turn to are his neighbour Kareem and his father's best friend Moosa.
Dr. Goodwin is on a botanical expedition in the Himalayas. There he meets Dick Drake, the son of one of his old science acquaintances. The two are besieged by Persians as Darius III led when Alexander of Macedon conquered them. The group is saved by a magnificent woman they get to know as Norhala.
James and Lauren Adams and Dana Smith are sent on a mission to Australia, posing as the children of an ASIS agent. They have been sent to determine whether a cult, The Survivors, is associated with Help Earth, and as such are sent to a "recruitment hotbed" area. The "family" starts going to cult meetings, and are eventually accepted into the commune.
Vampyre Joe Pitt is down on his luck, behind on rent and low on blood. With nowhere else to turn he finds himself asking his former boss Terry Bird head of the vampyre clan the Society. Bird tosses Joe a job, tracking down the source of a new drug on the streets.
The story is set at the observatory of the Empire State Building where a class of school children are on a field trip. The primary character is a boy befriended by a cloud and whisked away to Sector 7, the depot for clouds. There the boy proceeds to produce new blueprints of fantastic shapes for a group of young clouds.
Orphan Reynie Muldoon is one of only four gifted children to pass a written test. The children are introduced to Mr. Benedict, a genius and the man behind the tests. They discover that he needs a team of children to act as 'spies' for him.
The Fatal Eggs is a science fiction novel written by Vladimir Ipat'evich Persikov. The main protagonist is an aging zoologist, a specialist in amphibians. The narration begins in Moscow of 1928, which seems to have overcome the destructive effects of the Russian Civil War.
Narayan portrays everyday life in Malgudi. Telling the story of Raman, a conscientious sign-painter, who is trying to lead a rational life. Raman asks how the Age of Reason could be established if people were like this. He believes that ultimately he can evolve a scheme for doing without money.
Youn Suu is a rookie Explorer on her first assignment in interstellar space. The Balrog, far more than a parasite, is a hive mind well above the human level of development. As its symbiotic relationship with its host develops, the Balrog comes to share the mental functioning of its host, and prolongs the host's life while consuming her body.
After escaping a deranged dream-master and destroying the hidden gateway, Leven Thumps and his band of travelers must now journey across Foo and restore Geth from his shape as a toothpick to the rightful king he once was. But Foo is still in chaos, and Leven must overcome several adversaries and survive the Swollen Forest.
Foo is a realm inside the minds of each of us that allows mankind the power to hope and imagine and fly. The powerfully gifted Leven Thumps, once an ordinary 14-year-old boy from Oklahoma, has been retrieved. Our hero, Leven, starts his journey with Geth, Clover, and Winter.
The film starts off with a girl, Jenna, who is seen doing househould activities such as cleaning and shopping. gradually it is revealed that her mother is sick and dying of cancer. Jenna and her mom reunite, shortly before the latter's death, when Jenna realizes how much she has missed her. At the end of the film, Jenna andHer grandmother go to Thailand together, a thing Jenna has always dreamed of but originally involving her mother.
In 3. The Role of Revelation he suggests that "revelation bears an analogy with the role played by observations and experiment in science" He argues that personal experience is a fundamental aspect of reality and that the human intuition of an infinite Reality is another fact about humanity. He expounds the doctrine of the Trinity and commends John Zizioulas's Being as Commun.
Edwer Thissell is the new consul from Earth to the planet Sirene. He has trouble adjusting to the local culture. The Sirenese cover their faces with masks that indicate their social status or strakh. They also communicate by singing, accompanying themselves with one of a dozen musical instruments.
The main character is an ordinary man who is wealthy and works as a journalist. He has a regular routine in his life: post articles in the post box, have a talk with people in a tea shop, go to library and house. One day, he meets a man from an unknown land called "Timbuctoo", another of Narayan's creations.
Martha and the Doctor discover an apparently deserted starship, and soon, a village appears in the middle of the craft. As they try to work out the mystery of the village, and its connection to the ship, they find out that the village has other problems - fog and monsters surround them at every turn, and their children have been going missing.
Giselle quickly ingratiates herself to the small clique of girls she and Ruby first meet when arriving at Greenwood. Ruby manages to make friends with the blind piano player Louis Turnbull, who Giselle exposes Abby as a quadroon at the school's Halloween dance. Abby leaves the dance in the middle of a violent storm, but returns the next morning accused of having sexual liaisons with the school caretaker.
G. Ellery Cobbold has sent his son Stanwood, a blundering ex-American football player, to London, to separate him from Hollywood starlet Eileen Stoker. When Cobbold discovers that Stoker is also in London, he insists that Stanwood goes to stay with a distant relation, curmudgeonly widower Lord Shortlands. But Stanwood stays put. Instead, good-looking movie agent Mike Cardinal goes to Shortlands' castle posing as Stanwood. He is pursuing Shortland's beautiful daughter Terry. But Terry is wary of him because he is too handsome.
 Commander John Lane returns from a ten year mission in space to find that the teenagers of Spaceport City have organized themselves into "outfits" His 16 year old daughter Susan belongs to the Red Cat Outfit, whose newest member Bud is actually a spy for the alien fleet that has secretly followed him.
The novel opens with Golder refusing to help his colleague of many years, Marcus. As a result of this, Marcus, bankrupt, commits suicide. Following the funeral, Golder travels to Biarritz where he has a huge, opulent house. His wife and daughter reside there in luxury, spending Golder's cash like water.
Hayley's parents disappeared when she was a baby. Since then, she has been raised and homeschooled by her grandparents. When Hayley does something wrong-she is not quite sure what-they pack her off to her aunts in Ireland. To Hayley's shock, her family is much bigger than she thought.
Three friends, Angela Silver , Zoe Barrett and Madigan "Maddie" Kinnick are just starting tenth grade of high school. At the beginning of the book, the trio believe that they will stick together forever. When Angela discovers that Rob Tyler is in her French class, she develops a crush on him.
The story revolves around Elena, a girl with a very affected mother and a father who is a retired guards lieutenant and keeps a mistress. On the eve of the Crimean War, Elena is pursued by a free-spirited sculptor and an uptight student. But when Berzeniev's dashing Bulgarian friend Insarov meets Elena, they soon fall in love.
The book starts out with an introduction when Matthew Walsh is writing a letter to his younger sister Emmy to tell her the story of their mother's vicious abuse. Callie is eleven, Matthew is thirteen, and Emmy is a toddler. The book ends with Murdoch telling Matt that he was also abused when he was younger leading to him killing his father.
The Mezzanine is based on a man's lunch-time trip up an escalator in the office building where he is employed. In reality, it deals with all the thoughts that run through a person's minds in any given few moments if he or she were given the time to think them through to their conclusions. The book does that through extensive use of footnotes.
The Duke of Savoy was betrothed to Princess Leonora of Milan &mdash. The current Milanese ruler has reneged on the commitment. The indignant Duke decides to court a local gentlewoman named Cleona instead. Foscari, Cleona's formerbetrothed, is believed dead; but he suddenly shows up in the Savoyard capital.
Maria, a ten-year-old orphaned girl, lives on a derelict family estate. Her only companions are a loving family Cook and a retired Professor of Ancient Latin. These two try to protect Maria from her tall, fat, strict Governess, Miss Brown. The Governess makes the child's life miserable.
The novel starts with an attack by Arthur and his war-band, and the escape of Gwyna, a servant girl. She is found by Myrddin, a bard who hopes to build Arthur's reputation as a great hero. Throughout her travels, she meets a boy who was brought up as a girl, tricks a holy man, swims in the Roman baths of Aquae Sulis, takes part in a battle.
Philip James Gascoyne, eleventh Earl of Stretton, is in hiding after being wrongly accused by Sir Humphrey Challoner of being a traitor to the King. For months Philip has been a fugitive, disguised in rough clothes and hiding in odd places, trusting no-one. Now he has been given shelter and a cover by honest John Stitch, the local blacksmith.
Fliss Morgan has a nightmare on the night before her school trip to Whitby. At midnight each night, a Room 13 appears in the Crow's Nest Hotel. One of Fliss's classmates, Ellie-May, starts acting very strangely. Fliss, Lisa, Gary and David decide to join forces to stop a nightmare thats come true.
La 628-E8 begins by recounting Mirbeau's travels to Belgium. The book then proceeds to the Netherlands, where he finds remembrances of Rembrandt, Van Gogh and also Claude Monet. It is during his sojourn in this country that he encounters his old friend, the deranged speculator Weil-See.
Australian Aborigines are the only people who have lived through a duel nuclear tragedy. The mining of uranium and the subsequent British nuclear testing, both of which took place on tribal land. The photographs of Totem and Ore collection tell what it was like to be at the forefront of the tragedy.
American Born Chinese consists of three interwoven, yet, parallel stories that ultimately merge into one narrative by the climax of the novel. The first tale is based upon the legendary folk tale of Sun Wukong, or The Monkey King, a character from the classic Chinese novel Journey to the West. The second tale is the story of a second-generation child of immigrants named Jin Wang who has moved from San Francisco's Chinatown to a mostly white suburb.
Don Carlo and Manuel learn that they are rivals for Clara's love. Carlo challenges Manuel to a duel; Clara suspects, but Manuel pacifies her fears. Piraquo and Pedro reveal the "court secret" &mdash. Manuel asks Clara to play Maria's part, to show Julio the false prince is not really dead.
The book deals with Joey as he tries to take charge of correcting the wrongs in his life and the lives of the people he knows. The story starts out with his father, Carter Pigza, who also has ADHD, riding his Joey's grandmother was concerned of Joey having no friends, and persuaded Joey to make friends with Olivia.
Nagaraj's world is quiet and comfortable. But everything is disturbed when Tim, the son of his ambitious land-owning brother Gopu, decides to leave home. Forced to take responsibility for the boy, Nagaraj finds his days suddenly filled with unwelcome complication and turbulence.
Sean McEvoy, a homicide detective with the Denver Police, was found dead in his car in a remote parking lot. A one-sentence suicide note was found in the car with him, and it seemed impossible that someone else could be the killer. The FBI nicknames the serial killer "The Poet" due Mc Evoy believes Gladden was not the killer, even though the case has been officially closed. He then finds evidence that the killings had a connection to the
A group of outcasts who meet each other through an online website decide to form an IT company. They seek to create a search engine that will become more popular than Google. This new search engine uses Artificial Intelligence to understand the user's intentions and help them narrow their search. This attracts the attention of Nakagomi Takeshi, the president of Digital Capital , who after a failed attempt to take over Akihabara@Deep, steals the technology for himself.
Daisy Fay Harper is a 16-year-old girl from Shell Beach, Mississippi. Her father still drinks and her mother has died from cancer. She lives in various apartments, hotels, and porches with her father and Jimmy Snow. At the book's end, she states that "I promise that I won't come back until I'm somebody"
Raimundo Silva was assigned to correct a book entitled The History of Siege of Lisbon by his publishing house. Silva decided to alter the meaning of a crucial sentence by inserting the word "not" in the text. The book now claims that the Crusaders did not come to the aid of the Portuguese king in taking Lisbon from the Moors.
The TARDIS lands the Doctor and Martha in the Lake District in 1909. A small village has been terrorised by a giant, scaly monster. The search is on for the elusive 'Beast of Westmorland' King Edward VII is on his way to join the search, with a knighthood for whoever finds the Beast.
The protagonist of Tam Lin is Janet Carter. The novel is set during her years as a student in the early 1970s at the fictional Blackstock College in Minnesota. The plot combines the story of a young woman's life at college with a retelling of the traditional Scottish fairy ballad "Tam Lin"
The Doctor and Martha Jones go searching for the last dodo. They end up in a museum featuing the last examples of extinct species, all in suspended animation. Many of the exhibits are going missing. The Doctor himself is in danger because he is the last of his race.
The novel has a convoluted plot about two distant cousins both named Allan Armadale. The father of one had murdered the father of the other. The son, mistreated at home, runs away from his mother and stepfather. He takes up a wandering life under the assumed name of Ozias Midwinter.
It is the Season of Misrule in Rome, sheer misery for Falco. Uppity slaves give orders to their cringing masters. A prince has a broken heart, Helena's brother will not decide if his heart is broken or not. Children are sick and even the dog can't stand it any more.
The events of The Harlequin take place one week after the events of Danse Macabre. It shows Anita and Jean Claude coping with a threat from Vampire Council enforcers. Anita almost allows the Mother of Darkness to become a full flesh being by allowing her anger to fester. Anita also leaves her former allies, the werelions to potential death.
Archie Wolfe and his wife spend the night at Saul's apartment because they can't go to the brownstone because the judge has issued a warrant for their arrest. Archie takes Miss Weltz for a stroll. She wants out from under something, but is too frightened to tell Archie what it is.
At the beginning of the novel, Mona's sister, Lindy, is getting married for the second time. Mona is self-conscious of her appearance; she is a bridesmaid. She plays on the fruit machines in the pub in which her family live, and drinks alcohol to help her cope with the day.
Six months after Death Wish left off, Paul Benjamin has moved from New York to Chicago after his catatonic daughter died in an institution. Paul resumes his private violent war as he stalks criminals in the streets of Chicago. The only thing that may distract him from his crusade is a beautiful woman he starts cordially dating in his new life.
Charles Houston makes a perilous and illegal journey from India into the forbidden land of Tibet during the unsettled time 1950/51. What he does not know is that his coming was prophesied a century earlier, and he is awaited by an impossible love, an enormous treasure, and the invading Red Chinese army.
Parchment appears to give directions to the hiding place of a holy candelabrum rescued from the Jerusalem Temple before its destruction by the Romans in 70 AD. But the Jordanians have a copy of the parchment as well, and the search for the priceless menorah becomes a deadly cat and mouse hunt.
A coded message is smuggled out of Russia, a plea for help from a supersecret laboratory. The note is addressed to Johnny Porter, a Canadian Indian of the Gitxsan tribe. reluctantly he is forced to slip across the border on a rescue mission. The detailed picture of life in the Kolyma region and of the native peoples of the Russian Far East and British Columbia is impressive.
The book focuses on the adventures of its main character and hero, Alodar, in the fictional land of Procolon. The book is divided into six parts, each of the first five of which corresponds to a discipline of magic learned in that portion of the narrative. The final part is entitled "The Archimage" and corresponds to the mastery of all other forms of magic.
Sigmund Freud arrives in New York on his first - and only - visit to the United States in 1909. A stunning débutante is found bound and strangled in her penthouse apartment. The following night, another beautiful heiress is discovered tied to a chandelier in her parents' home.
Aggressor Six is a piece of military science fiction. In this novel humanity is under assault by an overwhelming technologically superior alien race called "Waisters" The novel maintains Wil McCarthy's adherence to technical scientific realism, particularly during the combat scenes. It also examines the idea that aliens, if encountered, will be truly 'alien'- driven by desires and motives which will not be immediately obvious.
Chaim Weizmann, first president of Israel, stumbled on a method for the cheap synthesis of petroleum. Now, decades later, a world buffeted by oil shocks and perpetually rising prices would welcome such a chemical miracle. But Weizman's laboratory notebooks must be found first, and an unseen and powerful enemy will stop at nothing to keep them hidden.
Someone is killing residents of the hip bohemian London neighborhood of Chelsea. What thread connects them in someone's mad mind? The only clue is a fragment of film, which accidentally caught images of the murderer. The murderer is dressed in an outlandish costume and mask. 
A young boy lives with his mother and her good-for-nothing boyfriend in a small trailer. When a new baby comes along, he must take care of it the best he can. He draws inspiration from a book about the labours of Hercules in the film.
Danny Hogan, a truck driver disaffected with his job at Torgus Trucking, meets Velma Reed in a seedy Los Angeles bar. Danny doesn't recognize Velma, but the two of them attended the same high school in a distant city. The bulk of the novel's action surrounds Velma's artful pickup of likely suckers at conventions.
As Ben Skywalker seeks to find proof that Jacen Solo had killed Ben's mother, Mara, Darth Caedus seeks the Imperial Remnant's help in combating the Galactic Alliance's enemies in the galactic Confederation. Grand Admiral Gilad Pellaeon is reluctant, as CaedUS's actions throughout the war against the Confederation have been horrendous. So Pellae on contacts fellow Admiral Natasi Daala to help him counter Caedu should he do anything stupid. In response, Daala hires out Boba Fett and his Mandalorians to be on standby.
Millionaire Otis Jarrell retains Nero Wolfe to get a snake out of his house. The snake being his daughter-in-law, whom he believes is ruining his business deals. Archie will move into Jarrell's Fifth Avenue penthouse apartment, posing as his new secretary. While he's away, Orrie tests out Archie's desk.
Archie Goodwin and Margot Dickey have been engaged for two weeks. Archie has promised his fiancee that he will attend her office Christmas party. Margot has been trying to get her employer and paramour, Kurt Bottweill, to quit procrastinating and marry her. She has suggested to Archie, who is no more to her than a friend and dancing partner, that Everyone has champagne, but Bottweil's drink is Pernod.
Giovanni is the son of the gardener to the Duke of Venice. He is a serious young man of admirable character and attracts the attention of Bellaura, the Duke's niece. Giovanni decides to serve as a soldier in Genice's war with Genoa. Critic Arthur Nason called the play's comic scenes "worthy of Restoration comedy at its best"
Ghyl is the son of a lord. His father is dissatisfied with the constraints of their society. Ghyl is caught by the authorities illegally duplicating ancient documents. A few years later, Ghyl goes to a ball and encounters the girl, now an appealingly attractive woman. An acquaintance persuades Ghyl and three other friends to hijack a space yacht.
Second Thoughts is a love story about Maya, a pretty girl who is eager to escape her dull, middle-class home in Calcutta for the glamour of Mumbai. Maya is determined to be the ideal wife, but finds herself trapped and stifled by the confines of her arranged marriage to a man who is rigidly conservative.
The novel takes place in the 1940s and represents standing on the threshold of a modern era in Cairo and the rest of the nation as a whole. The novel is introduced with description of the Arabic culture. It centers around the list of characters described below.  Mahfouz plays on the cultural setting.
First Mercantile American is about to become vacant due to the terminal illness of Ben Roselli, the incumbent chief, whose grandfather founded the bank. Two high-ranking executives groomed for the succession begin their personal combat for the position. Many characters and plot lines interweave. The fight for control of the bank continues under the darkening clouds of an approaching economic recession.
Andy, who is on his deathbed, rehashes his youth, loves, lusts, and betrayals with his wife, Bel. While simultaneously his two sons Fred and Jake sit in the shadows, speaking enigmatically and cyclically. In counterpoint to their uncomprehending isolation between the extremes of the death before life and the death after is their younger sister, Bridget.
The Campaign begins after Lee has smashed the Army of the Potomac at Gunpowder River. Lee's army consists of three corps, two of Veteran Troops under James Longstreet and John Bell Hood. Longstreet's corps numbers around 15,000, with divisions under Allegheney Johnson, Lafayette McLaws, and Robert R. R.
The novel is presented as a letter from DS9's resident Cardassian spy and tailor Elim Garak to Dr Julian Bashir. Garak recounts his life story, and also notes developments on Cardassia after the end of the Dominion War. Robinson has stated that one of the reasons he wrote the novel was to get "total closure" of the character.
In Idylls of the Rat King, goblin bandits have taken up residence in an abandoned mine northwest of Silverton. But this is no ordinary abandoned mine. It was deliberately barricaded generations ago when the Gannu family discovered an unspeakable evil on its lowest levels. And these are no ordinary goblins, for the curse of the GANNu family courses through their veins.
The story concerns Lancelot who has survived to the present day by means of magic. He must help Morgana le Fay confront Merlin, who is half-mad and attempting to meddle in the affairs of the world. Lancelot finds Merlin and rejuvenates him from his centuries-long sleep with a magic elixir.
Arthur lives with his adoptive grandfather, William, in the complex network of tunnels beneath Ratbridge. William went underground after being unjustly accused of attempted murder. Arthur's new friends intend to use their knowledge of the Underground to help him return to his grandfather, but they quickly discover that all of the entrances to the tunnels have been sealed.
The story centers on the Stamper family, a hard-headed logging clan in the fictional town of Wakonda, Oregon. The union loggers go on strike in demand of the same pay for shorter hours in response to the decreasing need for labor due to the introduction of the chainsaw. The Stamper's decide to not only continue work, but to supply the regionally owned mill with all the lumber the laborers would have supplied had the strike not occurred.
Set in Cambodia, it tells the story of Map, a policeman and former Khmer Rouge, and young motoboy William. They search for the gold leaf memoirs of the 12th Century king Jayavarman VII, which have been stolen by a former lieutenant of Pol Pot. It makes explicit the contrast between ancient Cambodia's opulence and the poverty and corruption of its modern counterpart.
Colin Singleton is an anagram-loving seventeen-year-old boy. He has become depressed because he has not yet become a genius. He wishes to accomplish this goal by having a Eureka moment. Colin's theorem eventually works for all but one of his past relationships with a Katherine.
In the novel, Boyd tells the story of Eva, a young Russian woman, who is recruited after her brother's death to work for the British secret service. During this time she falls for her mentor and boss, Lucas Romer. But all is not as it seems as Romer is working as a double agent which ultimately leads to the attempted murder of Eva.
The entire story is written in diary form, alternating between the entries of an elderly man who decides to spice up his ailing marriage with a series of intrigues. The much younger wife complies with her husband's desires without letting him know she is aware of his schemes.
Michael Perrin has completed his magical training and is now back home, living with his parents and continuing his training. Perrin trains an apprentice Sidhe, and tries to arbitrate a peace between Sidhe and humans. A musical faculty member from UCLA, Kristine Pendeers is searching for Infinity Concerto - Opus 45 with hopes that is has been left in Waltiri's estate.
The novel takes place in the fictional town of Socartes, Spain. The town's name refers to the philosopher Socrates and his ideas about internal and external beauty. It tells the story of Marianela , a poor orphan girl with an ugly face, and her love for Pablo, a blind boy.
An alien lifeform with the ability to live in symbiosis with and within another creature, is in hot pursuit of another of his kind. Both crash their ships into Earth, in the Pacific Ocean, and both survive the crashes. The Hunter takes up residence in the nearest human being it can find without letting the human being know.
The film deals with the recruitment of racecar driver Jiro Miki and his dog, Cheetah, to a group of people who use ESP, psychokinesis, and other special mental abilities to fight crime. The major villain is Wolf , whose behavior stems as a result of the prejudicial murder of his father over his psychic abilities.
"The Strategy Paradox" sets up a ubiquitous but little-understood tradeoff. Most strategies are built on specific beliefs about an unpredictable future. Current strategic approaches force leaders to commit to an inflexible strategy regardless of how the future might unfold. It is this commitment to uncertainty that is the cause of "the strategy paradox"
Alfred Kropp lives in a small apartment with his Uncle Farrel, who is a security guard. A man named Arthur Myers calls Alfred's uncle at work, and offers one million dollars for the return of an object stolen from Alfred. Alfred meets Bernard Samson, who explains to him that Arthur Myers was an alias of an international terrorist, who wanted control of Bernard's sword, Excalibur.
Jared Dirac is a member of the Special Forces, also known as The Ghost Brigades. He is instilled with the consciousness of a traitor, Charles Boutin, and has to deal with memories of a life he hasn't lived. Jane Sagan and Harry Wilson are the only primary characters returning from Old Man's War.
The story opens with Ishmael, his family, Ellen and Abiram slowly making their way across the virgin prairies of the Midwest looking for a homestead, just two years after the Louisiana Purchase. They meet the trapper , who has left his home in New York state to find a place where he cannot hear the sound of people cutting down the forests.
Lillian Baptiste fled Dominica when she was 14 after discovering she was the daughter of Iris. After twenty years away, Lillian returns to her island of birth to face the demons of her past. Covering the African Diaspora, and offering a reinterpretation of Black history, the narrative of family, betrayal, vengeance, and murder.
The Journal of Julius Rodman is a fictionalised account of the first expedition across the Western Wilderness, crossing the Rocky Mountains. The journal chronicled a 1792 expedition led by Rodman up the Missouri River to the Northwest. Rodman was an English emigrant who first settled in New York, then moved to Kentucky and Mississippi.
Humanity is trapped in a "gravity well", the so-called Forbidden Borders. There is increasing conflict because of ever-decreasing space resources. Staffa Kar Therma a.k.a. the Lord Commander leads an elite group of soldiers and aligns himself to the group that pays him the most.
Flaviano is the courtly favorite of the Duke of Mantua. He desires to marry the Duke's daughter Fioretta. She, however, has been promised to Prince Leonato of Ferrara. The play's subplot involves the courting of the widow Florelia.
Joey vanished while gone camping with his family, and can't remember what happened during the two years he was missing. Then he starts to have seizures and starts to remember what had happened. He believes that he was abducted by aliens, and that he has not grown in two years.
The book is about Josh Tambling who is well loved and cared for by his parents. Josh and his mates have formed a grunge metal band and dream of being rock stars. But when he lands a holiday job in the Lost Property Office at Sydney's Central station, Josh starts to sense the loss of some important things in his life. One is that his brother Michael has drifted off and will not let anyone know where he is.
Catherine is a 12-year-old girl. Her brother, David, has autism. She is compiling a list of rules for David so that he can understand how the world works. She finds herself drawn into a friendship with wheelchair-bound Jason. Despite her fear, she struggles to do the right thing for everyone involved.
James is trapped within Aero City, Russia, and is beaten up by a group of Russian thugs. Two agents working with James murder their prime suspect, Denis Obidin. James is made to choose between helping junior CHERUBs preparing for Basic Training or a course in socioeconomics. By now, James had decided that he wants to date Dana.
In Golden Buddha, Juan Cabrillo embarks on his first mission in The Oregon Files. The team is hired to find and recover a stolen statue, the Golden Buddha. The success of the team will determine the future of Tibet. In their state-of-the-art vessel, disguised as a rusting heap of junk, they sail from Cuba to Macau.
Ranofer is an orphaned 12-year-old porter at a goldsmith's shop who has learned much about gold working. Ranofer makes two new friends, the Ancient and Heqet, but things take a turn for the worse when Gebu moves him to his stone cutting shop to be an apprentice after Ibni is caught.
Fred, 29, is a marine biologist working at the aquarium in Boston. She is a mermaid in the water, although she has legs on land. Her mother is human, but her biological father is a merman. Jonas, her thought-to-be-gay best friend, is the only one who knows the secret.
Laurence and Temeraire arrive back in Britain, following their evacuation of Danzig in Black Powder War. When questioned about the lack of British air support for the Prussians, Laurence discovers that Britain had no dragons to The formation is shipped to the Cape Colony aboard the Allegiance, along with a black missionary, Father Erasmus, and his wife and daughters.
Sir Richard Huntlove is an elderly aristocrat who is jealous of his beautiful and vivacious young wife. The Country Captain shows debts to the drama of Ben Jonson. Shirley was a patron and friend of Jonson, and on the basis of his plays is often included in the so-called Sons of Ben, the group of self-styled imitators.
In 2003 Communism has won worldwide and humankind is engaged in gigantic engineering projects. The latest project is to thaw the Antarctic and Arctic regions by artificial nuclear-powered "suns" circling above. During the preparation of earthworks in the Tunguska area a strange object is found and later identified as an extraterrestrial data record.
This book covers the secret adventures of James Bond's right-hand woman. Locations for this final adventure include Jamaica, the Outer Hebrides, Cambridge, and London. The storyline is almost evenly divided between the adventures of Miss Moneypenny and the modern adventures of author Kate Westbrook.
The planet of Victoria received two waves of colonists from Earth. First two prison ships founding a penal colony and then one ship of political exiles. The descendants of the prisoners mostly inhabit the City. The "People of Peace" inhabit Shantih Town, which is known to the City dwellers as Shanty Town.
The novel tells the story of three siblings, Eily, Michael and Peggy O'Driscoll. At the opening of the book, in 1845, blight strikes the family potato plot. Their baby sister Bridget dies and is buried under the hawthorn tree in the garden.
Aging rock star Judas Coyne spends his retirement collecting morbid memorabillia such as a witch's confession, a real snuff film and, after being sent an e-mail directly about the item online, a dead man's suit. He is told, by the daughter, that the old man's spirit is attached to this funeral suit. The ghost wanted revenge on Jude for causing Anna's death, as he saw it.
Kate Weston is worried about her friend Sandy Engle. Since her marriage to George Engle, the vivacious Sandy has practically become a recluse. Kate's suspicion that something is wrong leads her to hire what she thinks is a detective to pose as her boyfriend. The next morning, however, Marty finds that Sandy too has been murdered.
Balsa, spearwoman and bodyguard, is a wandering warrior who has vowed to atone for eight deaths in her past by saving an equivalent number of lives. On her journey, she saves Prince Chagum, and is tasked with becoming his bodyguard. The two begin a perilous journey to ensure the survival of the prince.
The novel begins at the end of World War I with Fidelis Waldvogel, a German sniper, returning to his hometown in defeated Germany. Fidelis seeks out Eva Kalb, the pregnant fiancée of his dear friend Fidelis plans to travel to Seattle to set up a new life for his family. However his funds and sausages run out in Argus, North Dakota. He works hard until he can finally send for his wife, Eva Delphine.
Three successful claims in four years, one awaiting trial, and one that's just been made. These claims have damaged both the publishers and the authors. Wolfe's love of literature turns out to be useful in his investigation. Wolfe, concentrating on Porter, catches her in a contradiction that identifies the murderer for him.
The prologue of the novel takes place at the dawn of the Celtic race in Ireland. It tells the story of a young 15-year-old disfigured boy named Enda who is passionately in love with the King Gwynwy In Chapter 1 we flash forward to 1963 and witness several eerie interactions between little Michael Myers and his grandmother.
The novel is about a man who visits a love nest where he secretly entertained many women. The daughter of the building superintendent is later killed. Her attempts at blackmail provide Wolfe with critical evidence needed to solve both murders and earn a large fee, shoring up his low bank account balance.
Better Angels is a prequel to Hendrix's earlier novels Lightpath and Standing Wave. It fills in history about how the characters in those novels came to be who they are. "Better angels" is a phrase used by agents of organization Tetragrammatron to describe what they hope to make humanity into.
The backdrop for this story is an informational arms races between a future United States of America and China. Both countries are attempting to build a quantum computer, which they believe will be the ultimate information weapon, creating and breaking encryption schemes. One of the American investigators, Dr. Jaron L. Kwok, is mysteriously killed while in Hong Kong.
Neverwhere is the story of Richard Mayhew and his trials and tribulations in London. Richard's journey takes him to the realm of the Rat-Speakers, who worship and perform tasks for rats. Door is falsely convinced his adventures Below had all been a hallucination, but a trinket from his now-dead friend Anesthesia.
Isabel Allende wrote the book while tending to her daughter Paula Frías Allende who was in a coma arising from complications of the disease porphyria. Allende started the book as a letter to Paula, explaining what she was missing so she would not be confused when she recovered. The novel includes both an account of Paula's treatment and Allende's life.
The story, set in the small town of Huntington near Minneapolis, Minnesota, centers around a fifth grader named Jack Rankin Jr. Jack finds his father in the living area beneath the town. His father is recovering from his days in the Vietnam War. Touched by his father's kindness, and the kindness of those his father knew, Jack receives a newer, kinder car.
Room One is a story about sixth grader Ted Hammond. He is an avid mystery fan and detective. On one of his normal newspaper routes, he looks into the Andersons' house. He sees a mysterious face through the attic window. Ted becomes determined to find out whose, or what's, face that is.
The story is about 17-year-old Gwendolyn/Gwennie who lives in New York City with her grandfather. One day her grandfather disappears leaving only a phone message telling Gwen not to worry about him. Gwen continues her life as normal as possible while trying to practice for her violin auditions. She then meets Robert from Things Not Seen in a cafe.
The story opens as fifteen year old Cait recounts events occurring a year before on her small island home, Hale. She begins her story by explaining when she first met Lucas, a mysterious teenager who has traveled to the island to explore and live for a short time period. On the same day that she first sees Lucas, her brother returns home and she is nearly assaulted by another islander, Jamie Tait.
Trixie's stuffed bunny has been left behind at the laundromat. Trixie cannot explain why she is upset to her daddy. This book was also made into a musical by Mo Williams, Michael Silversher, and Deborah Wicks La Puma. It toured with the Kennedy Center to cities all across the United States.
Leonardo is truly a terrible monster-terrible at being a monster that is. Determined to succeed, Leonardo sets himself to training and research. But scaring people isn't quite as satisfying as he thought it would be. Leonardo realizes that he might be a terrible, awful monster-but he could be a really good friend.
Mark Robert Chelmsley is moving from his home in Scarsdale, New York, to New Hampshire in the middle of February. The fifth grade's annual camping trip in the woods tests Mark's survival skills and his ability to relate to a teacher who seems out to get him.
Men Against the Sea follows the journey of Lieutenant William Bligh and the eighteen men set adrift in an open boat by the mutineers of the Bounty. The story is told from the perspective of Thomas Ledward, the Bounty's acting surgeon, who went into the ship's launch with Bligh. This true story is considered the greatest open-boat voyage of all time.
The play is set in Tunis, in what is modern-day Tunisia. The title character, the "renegado" or renegade, is Antonio Grimaldi, who has converted to Islam and become a pirate. The true protagonist of the play is Vitelli, a Venetian gentleman. He has come to Tunis disguised as a merchant to search for his sister Paulina.
The Scarlet Gang of Asakusa is a 1920s novel by Japanese writer Kawabata. The novel was serialized in a Tokyo daily newspaper between 1929 and 1930. It was influenced by Western modernism. The annotated edition includes the original illustrations by Ota Saburo and a foreword and afterword by Donald Richie.
Giraut and Margaret, now married, are sent on a diplomatic mission to the politically turbulent planet Briand. Briand is a distant Outer Sphere colony cut off from the rest of humanity for centuries until instantaneous travel became possible. The Mayans have officially refused to adopt the springer as well as other technological conveniences, and rely on Pusiictsom's nephew.
Confessions of a Teenage Drama Queen follows the character of Mary Elizabeth "Lola" Cep as she moves to New Jersey with her family. In order to become so she must contend with Carla Santini, who has no intention of vacating her place in school society. Both end up vying for the lead in the school play, with the feud only getting worse after the breakup of Lola's favorite band.
All Dumbarton residents are under lockdown for the weekend. Waverly students sneak into Dumbarton while it is still on lock-down through secret tunnels built during the Cold War. The girls of Dumbarton open their closets to the other residents so everyone can borrow each other's clothes. Jenny and Brett have sex during Trustee's Weekend.
Brandon Buchanan is completely over Callie and Jenny and is completely in love with Elizabeth. Brett Messerschmidt is still upset about the breakup with Jeremiah. Tinsley Carmichael does the unexpected and hooks up with a freshman: Julian McCafferty. Easy Walsh is torn between Callie Vernon and Jenny Humphrey.
The story opens when Joe from a single parent family, a music lover and with a knack for curiosity - meets 16-year-old Candy on the streets of London. He soon learns that Candy is not only a runaway from her home town, but also a teenage prostitute and heroin addict. The pair begins dating cautiously, visiting London Zoo once, and Candy comes to see a gig that Joe and his band, The Katies, are playing.
Mariah White catches her husband, Colin White, with another woman for the second time in their marriage. He files for divorce and gives her full custody of their child, Faith. After the divorce, Mariah falls into a deep depression, while Faith develops an imaginary friend called her "Guard" When she starts quoting the Bible, her mother takes her to see a therapist, fearing for her sanity. The therapist finds that Faith may in fact be seeing God.
The Road of the Dead opens as Ruben and Cole, half gypsy half English brothers, learn about their older sister's rape and murder. Determined to bring closure to their family, they travel to Lychcombe to collect her body. What begins as a simple task to bring her body home branches out into a quest for revenge.
Mark Styler, a writer of "true crime" stories arrives at the Fairfields experimental hospital for the criminally insane, with the hope of interviewing serial killer Easterman for a new book. He meets Dr. Farquhar, the hospital director, who is reluctant to let Styler see Easterman, and encourages Styler to leave. In the end, Styler is forced to believe he is Easterman. It is never explicitly revealed to the audience who is actually who.
Evanlyn and Will have been captured and sold as slaves in The Icebound Land. They are now in Gallica ready to board a ship and save Will. Evanlyn, revealed to be Princess Cassandra, is taken hostage by the Temujai. Halt and Horace find a gate of which a dozen Skandians lay dead, shot.
Mia Thermopolis an average urban ninth grader. She lives in Greenwich Village with a single, liberal mom who is a semi-famous painter. Mia's dad comes to town and drops a major bomb: he's not just a European politician as he's always led her to believe, but actually the prince of a small country.
Alberich is a Captain of the army in Karse, the youngest person to receive this promotion. He has flashes of Foresight and one day gets a vision of bandits invading a village while grooming his horse, a gift from the priesthood. He musters his men and is able to save the village. After, a Red-robe priest of the god Vkandis proclaims that Alberich has a "witch-power" and therefore is condemned to death. He is locked in a barn and the barn is set afire. However, the horse given to him after his promotion rescues him and turns out to be a Companion named Kantor.
After testifying against the murderer of bank guard Pop Walters, "Swede" Anderson finds himself number one on the River City, California crime syndicate's hit list. Under the name of his late hobo pal, Mac McCarthy, Anderson returns to River city with revenge on his mind. He manages to infiltrate the mob, but soon finds himself in over his head.
Jeffrey can't think of how to start his writing assignment so he doodles instead, only to have his doodle of a sloth come to life and order him about. Jeffrey struggles against the strong-willed Sloth, in the process telling a tale and completing his homework.
Stephanie meets Heather Dixon, an Israeli citizen attached to the Washington mission, who tries to kill her. Brent Green helps her to learn a lot about the current situation and reveals that Pam Malone might be the conduit of Israel. Sabre flies to Austria with Gary to attend the Order of Golden fleece's meeting.
In the late 21st century, humans have been forcibly moved into an enclosed network of domed cities connected by travel tubes known as 'The Human System' The outside world was left because of extreme pollution, and the cities rely on harvesting the seas. Exiting The Human System without permission is illegal and might result in execution.
This is the first work by Beckett where a woman is the central character. Maddy Rooney is plagued by rheumatism and childlessness. Her first of three encounters with men is with the dung carrier. All the relatives mentioned are female and all the modes of transport are also referred to as females.
In 1859 Lt. Jasper Hobson and other members of the Hudson's Bay Company travel through the Northwest Territories of Canada to Cape Bathurst on the Arctic Ocean. The area they come to is very rich with wildlife and natural resources. At some point, an earthquake occurs, and from then on, laws of physics seem altered. They eventually realise that they are on an iceberg separated from the sea ice that is drifting south.
Ariston, a Spartiate, is the hero cursed and blessed by a matchless beauty that was the Hellenic ideal. This was a time of burgeoning culture and festering decadence, of excessive cruelty and sexuality. Ariston is enslaved and brought to Athens where he earns his freedom and fortune only to face Sparta as an Athenian.
Joshua is one of several young men and women who were raised on an island, under the strictest of control, by a group of people referred to as the Elders. Only three young men have been given the 'real truth' The Elders are afraid. Joshua chooses to keep quiet about what he knows.
The main characters in the book are Seeker, Morning Star and The Wildman. Seeker wants above everything else to serve his God, and to prove himself worthy. Morning Star wants to find her mother, whom she believes entered the Nom many years ago. It is not obvious as to how far the Wildman worships the God.
The book starts out in a year sometime between 2000 and 2050. It begins with Garret Pittson, a respected gang member who hasn't found his path in life. He ends up playing a prominent role in a revolution led by a group of farmers out on the 'rim' of a large crater in Mars southern hemisphere.
Diana Hart is the sister of WWE stars Owen and Bret Hart. The book focuses mainly on the realities of professional wrestling. She remembers her father training some of the WWF's and WCW's biggest names in her family's basement gym, the famous Dungeon, and recounts their tales to stardom.
Mary and Colin are an English couple on holiday abroad in an unnamed city. Mary is divorced with two children; Colin is her angelically handsome lover. One evening, the couple get lost amongst the canals and are befriended by a forceful native named Robert. Later, he insists on bringing them to his house where they meet his wife Caroline.
Following the death of Diane Bray and an apparent attack on Kay Scarpetta by Jean-Baptiste Chandonne in her own house at the end of Black Notice, The Last Precinct concentrates on discovering the full story behind the killings. Kay must examine her own fears, misconceptions, and anything-but-altruistic motives to accept working with another competent woman. A major new character is Jaime Berger, from the District Attorney's Office in New York.
Joe Rose and his long-term partner Clarissa Mellon are about to open a bottle of wine when a cry interrupts them. A hot air balloon, with a 10-year-old boy in the basket and his grandfather being dragged behind it, has been ripped from its moorings. Joe immediately joins several other men in an effort to bring the balloon to safety. In the rescue attempt, one man, John Logan, dies. Another of the would-be-rescuers is Jed Parry. Joe and Jed exchange a passing glance, a glance that has devastating consequences.
The story begins on Jonathan ben Mordecai 11th birthday. Officials warn Jonathan's father that an assassin, ben Jonah, has been asking for him. That night, he dreams that his mother is sat at her loom in the Cyclops cave and tells him that she is Susannah.
Julian, Dick, Anne, George and Timmy return to Kirrin Cottage for the Christmas holidays. As a result of being off school due to illnesses, the four children have a tutor, Mr. Roland. One day during the holidays, the children visit Kirrin Farmhouse, and the owners allow George to show her cousins all around the farmhouse. When searching in a hole in the wall, Dick finds a piece of paper, with instructions on it written in Latin.
Julian, Dick and Anne arrive in Cornwall to stay with George for the holidays. They plan to spend time exploring Kirrin Island. Aunt Fanny falls ill and has to leave with Uncle Quentin to be treated in a far-off hospital. While on the island, they find evidence of smugglers on an old wreck. A scream in the night and the discovery of a young girl's clothes alert the Five.
The Five are happily staying at Kirrin Cottage for the holidays until the big ash tree in the garden falls down and destroys the top floor where the bedrooms are. Uncle Quentin's scientist friend,Mr Lenoir, was coming to stay over but now as he can't, he invites the five to his house. Mr Lenoir's stepson Sooty is a friend of Julian and Dick. George finds out that she can't take Timmy her dog and at first refuses to go, but then decides to go and hide him in secret!
The Famous Five set off on a caravan holiday. They soon find themselves in the middle of a circus. But the circus folk have more sinister plans than just clowning around. The Famous Five are back for a new series on BBC1 on Monday, November 14. For more, visit www.bbc.co.uk.
The novel has a prologue of several court docket entries in the case of Commonwealth v. Stanley Howell and Robert Basso. The defendants and their victim are all "foreigners-the people from somewhere else" They have been charged with the cold-blooded murder of a drug dealer and addict, Frederick Zollicoffer.
Each chapter is narrated from the point of view of one of three characters: Chick Mallison, Gavin Stevens, or V.K. Ratliff. Gavin speculates on the principles of Snopesism. Matt follows Linda around town, gets in a fight with a McCallum boy, and is forced out of town.
The story is set in 1969 and details the account of a top secret space ship called Ghost-1. The ship was built by examining and reverse engineering the frozen remains of the Transformer Megatron. Starscream leads the Decepticons on an attack as the humans flee.
The ghost of Joseph Stalin has been seen stalking the stations of the Moscow Metro. Renko, perpetually in hot water with his superiors, is assigned to the case with heavy hints to quash it. Instead, he discovers a peculiar connection to a string of murders and a group of Chechen War veterans.
The book is a pseudo-biography about Alexandros Panagoulis written in the form of a novel. Fallaci uses the novel to put forth her view that Panagoulis was assassinated by a vast conspiracy. The work has had mixed reviews. Some will find the harsh polemic repetitive and disturbing.
The Shepherd's Paradise deals with a mythical pastoral community dedicated to Platonic love, a refuge for unrequited lovers of both genders. The heroine of the piece is Fidamira. The masque also features an extended debate on the nature of love, between Martiro and Moramente and Melidoro, who argue for marriage.
The novel, set in contemporary times, features a self-destructive narrator undergoing an identity crisis. He lives in a Native American reservation in Montana. His tribe and his culture are clashing with a nearby white settlement and misguided legislation. He moves through his days in a mental haze and tries to console himself with sexual encounters.
Ae has been imprisoned for a crime rarely committed in the society he lives in: murder. He is "executed" by having his Dot-tech purged from his body, which will eventually cause him to die of natural causes. Ae travels to a planet where he learns the secret of creating black holes.
Charles Raymond is a smuggler based in Mexico. He uses his exceptional skill as a snake handler to his advantage by "exporting" snakes out of Mexico under the guise of medical research. Charles is enlisted to use his other talents as a bodyguard to help Richard stay alive until such time as he can acquire the rest of his deceased father's fortune.
The story takes us behind the Vatican walls during the reign of a dying pope. Clement XV, a gentle, poetic German, keeps visiting the archives where the Third Secret of Fatima is kept. Clement's obsession with the Fatima messages is based partly on that of Pope John Paul I.
Qwilleran realizes that Pickax is a bore in summer so he decides to go to his cabin on the lakeshore in Mooseville. Shortly before Qwill arrives, Buddy Yarrow, a carpenter, drowns. The plumber "dispatched" is Joanna Trump, known to many as Little Joe.
The story begins with the PCs meeting up in the elven settlement of Solace after five years of unsuccessful individual quests to find any sign of "true clerics" A series of wilderness encounters are used to direct the PCs to find the Blue Crystal Staff and take it to the ancient ruined city of Xak Tsaroth. In the jungle-covered subterranean ruins the player characters search for knowledge of the ancient gods of good.
The memoir centers on Burroughs' first bout with sobriety since leaving the rehab program. Part II also shows the decline in health in his ex-boyfriend and current friend, only named Pighead in the memoir. The memoir ends with Burrough's getting clean and helping another alcoholic friend of his through his recovery.
Adam has to move to Honolulu because his father is relocated to Pearl Harbor as a military officer. Adam makes two friends, Davi Mori and Martin Kahahawai. Davi is a Japanese American, while Martin is a Hawaiian. When the first bombs are dropped, part of their rowboat explodes, and a piece of wood flies into Martin's chest.
Rebecca Tignor is mistaken for another woman named Hazel Jones. Over 20 years later, Rebecca finds out that the man who approached her is a serial killer. In a secondary plot, Rebecca's parents escape from the Nazis in 1936, foreseeing the oncoming Holocaust; Rebecca is born in the boat crossing over.
Hem and his mentor Saliman arrive in Turbansk, the centre of the light in the Suderain, which is Saliman's School. There Hem becomes a Minor Bard, and has lessons with other Bards. He rescues a white crow from the attack of several black crows, and keeps him.
The novel is set in the American West in the 1880s, but is not written in a genre style. It is the story of Jay, a man of the West, and his offbeat relationship with Catherine, a woman from the East. Jay kidnaps Catherine on his way to rob a train and together they travel through the Wyoming Territory.
Jim Qwilleran is assigned to review restaurants. He decides to review Maus Haus, owned by Robert Maus. In addition to a restaurant, the architecturally peculiar historic building is also a boarding house. A resident of Maus House, Max Sorrel, owns a restaurant called the Golden Lamb Chop.
Laura and Almanzo, whom Laura calls Manly, begin married life on his tree claim in the snug house Manly built. At the end of the first year, just as the wheat is ready to harvest, a freak hailstorm destroys the entire crop. Faced with mounting debt, Manly decides to mortgage the homestead claim. He and Laura will have to live on it as a condition of the mortgage.
Acts of Faith explores social and political issues which characterize Sri Lanka and other Asian nations. The book provides a satirical critique of observed state-incited violence, manipulation of the media, caste and class rivalries. Underneath the racy humor there is a close attention to personal motivations, particularly in terms of the family structures.
Pigling Bland and Alexander go to market. Alexander loses his pig license and is made to return to the farm. Pigling Bland tries to find his brother but ends up getting lost in the woods. He is found in the morning by a gruff farmer who allows him to stay in his house.
The book is about the struggle of the narrator to annihilate Désiré Nisard, a French author and critic. Chevillard's book can also be considered a form of meta-criticism upon contemporary trends in Literary criticism. The book can be read as a critique of contemporary literary trends.
Stanford Wong is a slack-off, fun-loving, basketball prodigy. His English teacher, the horrible Mr. Glick, presents him with some bad news: he got an F on his last book report on Holes and failed English class. Now Stanford must trade basketball camp for summer school - and as if this weren't bad enough, his mom hired a tutor for him: Millicent Min.
Dr. Peter Whitney has succeeded in enhancing the psychic abilities of a group of men in the Special Forces. These men, called Ghostwalkers, have the ability to move objects, control animals, even walk in dreams. Lily Miller is stunned by her immediate and powerful attraction to Captain Ryland Miller, the leader of the Ghostwalker team.
Peter's "Lost Boys" are standing outside their underground lair, wondering when he will return. Peter invites them all to Neverland, and promises to teach them to fly. The Boys wish they had parents, and Wendy offers hers to all of them. Peter and the Boys help the Indians, the animals and Liza onto the ship and hide.
Nancy takes a vacation in Wisconsin when the library of the place she is vacationing at is vandalized. Nancy, along with her friends George Fayne and Bess Marvin, must survive an unknown assailant while discovering the secret passageway's inside of an old castle. Later, Treasure in the Royal Tower was made into a Computer Game.
The story is about a girl, the main protagonist 'Amber' arriving at a house on Merral Road. After entering the house that Poppy is obviously a disturbed and emotionally unstable child from the beginning. Part 1 ends with "everything going dark" leaving the reader uncertain of what happens next.
Neil Chapman, son of the new caretaker of the Wyrd Museum enters the secret room that holds the 'Separate Collection' He is unwittingly whisked back in time with a teddy bear possessed by the spirit of an American airman who wants to change the past and save the lives of those dear to him.
Peter Brownrigg is involved in a secret night protest against the theft of his village's farmland by Sir Philip Morton. He unexpectedly encounters Sir Philip at a performance. Peter is an understudy to Kit Kirkstone, who is actually a girl in disguise. After Peter's jealousy leads to a fight, he discovers Kit's secret.
The Singapore Grip details events during the beginning of the Second World War and the Japanese invasion and occupation of Singapore. The action centers around a British family who controls one of the territory's leading trading companies. The title derives from a slang phrase describing a sexual technique sometimes used by prostitutes.
The novel follows the movements of William Bradshaw, its narrator, who meets a nervous-looking man named Arthur Norris on a train going from Holland to Germany. The novel's last words are drawn from a postcard that Mr Norris sends to William from Rio de Janeiro: "What have I done to deserve all this?"
The novel is about the separation of Chéri and his lover of six years, the much older Léa de Lonval. The two believe their relationship is casual until they are separated. They spend a miserable six months apart, at which point they realize they are in love.
The story takes place in New Jersey on April 3 and 4 in 1778. Jonathan and the other local patriots battle and retreat from a group of Hessians. Jonathan experiences fear, exhaustion, confusion, and eventually, Stockholm syndrome. In the end, Jonathan returns home, his understanding of war and life forever changed.
Arthur Woodbury is very tired of being overweight and being called "Biscuit Butt" The reason he is overweight is that his father died and he is very sad, even though he lives with his mom and grandma. He orders the REM sleep device which will help him lose weight. After reading the first side of the instructions, he falls asleep and enters REM World.
Bisexual, nameless narrator decides to abandon her life with her husband, changing her name and her appearance. The story follows her obsession with Andorgenie, a mysterious performance artist, and her relationships with different men and women, none of whom she really likes.
Mortimer discovers a time machine built by his old adversary Dr. Miloch. He can't resist to try it out and travels through time to a prehistoric swamp, the Middle Ages, and a desolate wasteland in the 51st century. The film is based on the book by the same name.
Captain Francis Blake is assigned to assist Chief Inspector Glenn Kendall of Scotland Yard. Blake calls in his old friend and housemate, Professor Philip Mortimer. Mortimer is at the archives of the Daily Mail conducting his own research into the affair. He comes across the case of The Mega Wave, a book written many years ago.
Professor Philip Mortimer is going to Cairo, Egypt for a holiday. He soon gets mixed up in a weird business with ancient papyrus, heretic kings, lost treasures, an old nemesis, and the murder of his friend; Captain Blake. The book is published by Simon & Schuster at £16.99.
The story is narrated in the first person by Currie Curtis Curran, a retired mercenary soldier and cowboy hunter. Set in the year 2087, on a nearly crime-free Earth in which humans are under the telepathic control of Currie is shown the recorded memories of a mother and daughter beaten, raped, and robbed by Lobo days earlier.
The book is structured into three different parts. The first part describes several ancient artifacts that turn out to be remnants of modern era items. The second part describes the project "Chronotron", the successful implementation of a time machine. The third part introduces Steve Stanley, a military pilot picked up to participate in the project.
Winter Santiaga is the daughter of a notorious drug dealer. Her world is turned upside down on her 16th birthday when her father suddenly decides to relocate. Winter escapes by pretending to not be her parents' daughter. She makes money by selling clothes and cigarettes to her housemates. Winter hooks up with an old boyfriend named Bullet, who has money.
The novel reinvents the legend of The Wandering Jew as a Jewish merchant called Abravanel Ben Obadiah Ben Aharon Kabariti who once lived in 18th century Kolkata. The narrator's quest to find the "Barn Owl's Wondrous Capers" which his grandfather Pablo Chatterjee found at an old Jewish trinket shop in Montmartre, Paris.
The main character Kurt Austin has to destroy an overpowered fish farm that makes mutant fish before the entire eco-system is changed.  A Novel from the NUMA files, A Kurt Austin Adventure. it:Morte bianca   A KurtAustin Adventure.
The story revolves around a girl called Prue who lives with her bossy, often scary dad who loses his temper very easily. Prue meets the school art teacher, Mr Raxberry and develops a crush. The end consists of the head teacher of the school expelling Prue, Rax comes and says goodbye to Prue for the last time.
Downsiders are a secret community of over 5,000 people that are never allowed to travel to the Topside. Talon, a 14-year-old Downsider, is curious about the Top side. He travels to the Mark Matthias, Lindsay's father, is working on an Aqueduct Shaft downtown.
Anthony Monday and his family live in Hoosac, Minnesota, and, while not poor, are having money problems. Anthony is desperate to help with expenses and accepts a part-time job from Myra Eells, the elderly librarian. Working at the library allows Anthony to earn a little money, as well learn more about the man who built the library, the wealthy and eccentric Alpheus Winterborn.
Anthony and Myra Eells are touring the countryside near their hometown in Minnesota. They pass the old Weatherend estate, a dilapidated mansion where the eccentric J.K. Borkman once lived. Despite posted signs enforcing No Trespassing, Anthony and Ms. Eells explore the grounds.
Ratha and her people are a clan of a strong self-aware cheetah-like prehistoric big cats. They have laws, languages, and traditions and live by herding the creatures, dapple backs and three horns , they once hunted. Surrounding the Named are the more numerous non-sentient UnNamed, who prey on the clan's herds.
Brothers Frank and Joe go in chase of Chet's kidnappers. The two brothers attempt to join the gangs to get leads on Chet and uncover a chopshop ring. With the Camaros, Caddys and Corvettes, the Hardys are putting themselves on the line.
Shea O'Halloran is a brilliant American surgeon and researcher. Her mother Maggie commits suicide. She learns that she has inherited this disorder from her father. The book begins with Jacques Dubrinsky, younger brother to Mikhail, being tortured and buried alive by members of the same fanatical group that attacked Raven.
The story centers around a mysterious drug known as Triple X that has been giving its users superpowers as well as rendering them mentally and physically unstable. Spider-Man is forced to team with the police to not only protect people from the enhanced users but find the origin of the drug itself.
Elizabeth Allen is made a monitor and then risks her position by accusing Julian, a fellow student, of being a thief. She is made to resign her position but ultimately gets it back when she saves a small child from drowning. The real thief- Martin- is discovered at last and admits to having deliberately framed Julian. But unfortunately, in the process he had got Elizabeth into trouble.
A Peeping Tom is frightening the women of Eastvale. Two glue-sniffing young thugs are breaking into homes and robbing people. An old woman may or may not have been murdered. Investigating these cases is Detective Chief Inspector Alan Banks. The cases weave together as the story reaches a tense and surprising climax.
Anthony Monday and Myra Eells live in Minnesota, where odd things begin to occur after the purchase of an antique oil lamp. Anthony burns the lamp as part of his science project and, later, when leaving the school, sees a strange-looking cobweb-covered apparition. Later, while walking home from the library, Anthony sees the withered corpse of the school's watchman.
The story is told as a series of memories by Jacob Jankowski, a ninety year-old man who lives in a nursing home. The book is about a young boy who falls in love with an animal trainer. The head trainer, August, is a brutal man who abuses the animals in his care and the people around him.
 Chart Throb was the 11th novel by Ben Elton, and was released both in hardback and paperback. The story revolves around the occurrences during the latest series of the hit 'reality' star search programme. At the end of the book, it is said that by the year 2050 everybody will be either a pop star or star of their own reality TV programme.
Nola Norton uses a gimmick to get the attention of a major Hollywood studio. She pretends to be drowning and lures lifeguard Eddie Baker into deep water. Eddie learns that his rescuer has landed a $150,000 studio contract on the strength of the publicity he unwittingly helped her gain.
Gabriel Guía is a teenager in Mexico City in the 1960s. He has the usual adventures of a Mexican rebellious teen. He knows French, loves the good music writes tales and poetry, and makes many references and citations of authors like Arthur Rimbaud and Chekhov.
Molly Moon is on a mission to bring her long-lost twin brother, Micky, home. In order to do this, she travels back in time to the day of her birth with her best friend Rocky, and her small black pug Petula. When they realize the kidnapper is a time traveler, they follow him far into the future.
The novel opens with the phrase "Behind the rock is the world I live in" and the reader finds him smoking cigarettes in his home's garden, hiding from his parents behind a big rock. X meets many kinds of people: a fledging music group about to make their first record and their homosexual manager.
The novel journeys through the birth, life, death, and second life of a man whose family pioneers human-to-android mind transfer. It also explores the ethical and moral issues of transferring consciousness into an android at the moment of death. It examines the idea of prematurely activating an android which has not yet accepted a human brain scan.
Ciudades Desiertas is the story of Susana, a female Mexican writer fleeing her home to attend an international workshop in the USA. She leaves her husband Eligio behind and completely unaware of her whereabouts. The book's title seems likely derived from the couple's separate observations in regards to the apparent lack of movement around Arcadia.
Bloom describes the arrival of the Hasidim in Postville, Iowa. In 1987, Aaron Rubashkin, a Lubavitcher Hasidic butcher from Brooklyn, purchased an unused meat-rendering plant and turned it into a state-of-the-art facility for producing Glatt kosher meat. A group of a few hundred Hasidi joined him to help manage and operate the facility, which grew to employ 900. Throughout the book, Bloom describes the power struggles between the two groups.
The story opens in 1697 in Quebec. Euclide Auclair came to the colony eight years prior as physician and apothecary. The epilogue takes place fifteen years later, in 1713. Cécile has married Pierre Charron and they are raising four boys.
The plot revolves around a nuclear torpedo attack on the fictitious Nimitz class aircraft carrier Thomas Jefferson. Two separate storylines follow. The first concerns the search for the attacking submarine, a cold war era Kilo. The second concerns how the villain both planned and performed the attack while evading the US military.
As hinted at the end of Nimitz Class, Ben Adnam is alive and well. Having returned to Iraq, he is awarded a medal, but also suffers a betrayal. He flees Iraq and offers his services to Iran. He devises a plan to cripple Transatlantic air travel. The plan works perfectly and several aircraft, including "Air Force Three" carrying the Vice President, are destroyed.
Mariam becomes pregnant seven successive times, but is never able to carry a child to term. Mariam is then taken to live in her father's house. Jalil arranges for her to be married to Rasheed, a sho Tariq's family decides to leave Kabul. As they are packing a rocket destroys the house, kills her parents, and severely injures Laila.
Dans le ciel is a series of interlocking narratives. Inspired by the art of the Impressionists - using Claude Monet and, mainly, Vincent Van Gogh as models for its central characters. It is with the discovery of the terrible fate of the self-mutilating artist that Mirbeau's truncated narrative is left in suspension.
Mahashweta is a very famous Marathi novel written by Dr. Sumati Kshetramade and deals with the issue of leukoderma. It was also adapted into a Television soap with Aishwarya Narkar playing the protagonist. Mrs. Sudha Murthy also wrote a novel by the same name and theme.
The sequel picks up shortly after the end of Daemon. Detective Peter Sebeck is sent on a "quest" by the avatar of the late Matthew Sobol, one in which he will have to determine the role of freedom to the human race. While the Daemon is a technological creation, much of the work is carried out by human beings - eagerly doing their part to change the world.
The Great Elixir has endowed John Dough the gingerbread man with intelligence and multilingual speech. John Dough equips himself with the baker's top hat and a candy-cane cane. John sacrifices the rest of his hand to save the life of a pretty young girl trapped on the island. Pittypat the rabbit introduces the heroes to the King of the Fairy Be.
Mam has returned to her own land, Greece, to try to silence the evil rising there. In a special room in the family farmhouse, she has left behind trunks and boxes. Meanwhile, in Pendle, the covens are rising and the three most powerful witch clans are rumoured to be uniting in order to conjure an unimaginable evil.
After Gregorio commits suicide, his friend Manuel finds himself unraveling his late friend's world, and what led him to suicide. Gregorio's tortuous relationship with his girlfriend is now inherited by Manuel; he becomes involved with his latefriend's girlfriend.  Gregorio has missed appointments, left strange messages, and has been harassed by a vengeful policeman.
The collection tells the story of a merchant family from a small Galician town which resembles the writer's home town, Drohobycz. One of the most significant characters in the work is the Father, who is not only the head of the family, a merchant running a textile shop in the marketplace, but also a mad experimenter endowed with superhuman abilities.
Emily Ebers moves from Allendale, New Jersey, to Rancho Rosetta, California. Emily meets Millicent Min, a home-schooled Chinese girl who was forced to play volleyball because there wasn't a gym. Emily learns about Julie and her back up singers- how they could either "make or break" Emily.
Set in early 1940s Austria, the novel centers around a young English woman called Ellen Carr. Raised in a family of prominent suffragettes, Ellen, to the surprise of all friends and family, grows up with a great love of all things domestic. Inspired by Henny, the servant/partner of her grandfather, she enjoys cooking, cleaning and the various other chores that her mother and aunts have abandoned.
Jack Norton is one of a group of Navy SEALs that were psychically and physically enhanced by Dr. Peter Whitney. He is on a mission to the Democratic Republic of the Congo to rescue his twin brother, Ken from rebel forces. Briony is a member of a circus family, called the Flying Five. She has always been different and cannot be around people without feeling constant pain.
Without Seeing the Dawn was set in a small farming village called Manhayang in Santa Barbara, Iloilo. The residents of the barangay were living their simple life when the violence of war reached their place and brought death and suffering. Ricardo "Carding" Suerte wanted to marry Lucia , the daughter of the teniente del barrio.
Lee and the Consul Mutants is the story of a fearless boy battling against intergalactic odds for the sake of mankind. Lee's only weapon is his intelligence . . . which is a pity. The film is out on Blu-ray and DVD on Friday.
Ten-year-old Lee comes up with a brilliant get-rich-quick scheme of his own. But not everyone is keen for Lee to succeed. Local shopkeeper Panface certainly is not, and it seems that he has sneaky spies out there. Will Lee overcome those out to stop him making his fortune?
Nothing is ever straightforward when Lee is around. It ought to be a case of lazing by the pool, but Lee is soon spying on dodgy men in shiny suits and sunglasses. He also battles with a family that seems determined to ruin everyone's holiday. With so much going on, how will Lee ever get a tan?
Roger Stetworth joins a slave ship called the "Golden Hind" captained by Luke Chilton. He is rescued by the "Hurst Castle" and doctored by a painfully stereotyped Irishman. The ship drifts into the center of the Sargasso Sea where he finds himself in a ships' graveyard.
In the days following the Pope's death, a cardinal is found brutally murdered in a chapel in Rome, his eyes gouged and his hands cut off. Police inspector Paola Dicanti learns that another cardinal was recently found dead; he had also been tortured. Desperate to find the killer before another victim dies, Paola's investigation is soon joined by Father Anthony Fowler &mdash.
Joe, a boy from ordinary Earth, has been summoned to Muddle Earth by the wizard Randalf. He is then exhorted as a 'warrior-hero' to fight evil on behalf of Randalf, who has in turn been contracted by the ruler of Muddled Earth. The Horned Baron, however, has problems that even Randalf cannot attend to.
The titular house is an establishment where old men pay to sleep besides young girls that had been narcotized and happen to be naked, the sleeping beauties. The old men are expected to take sleeping pills and share the bed for a whole night with a girl without attempting anything of "bad taste" like "putting a finger inside their mouths" Eguchi is presented with a different girl each time he visits the house because of the short notice of his visits.
Hank starts a new year at his school and meets his new teacher who has her students write an essay about their summer vacations. Hank has a hard time with homework and with staying on task which makes writing an essay a difficult assignment. Meanwhile, his grandpa, Papa Pete, asks Hank and his friends Ashley Wong and Frankie Townsend to put on a magic show at his bowling league game.
The book is about Ping, a dragon who has been living in a palace for a year. She decides to wake her former imperial dragon Kai from hibernation for his safety. Ping leaves the palace with Kai to search for the Dragon Haven to further insure Kai's safety. After getting there, however, Ping discovers only a heap of dragon bones from a massacre by dragon hunters.
The novel flashes forward to 1995 where the main protagonist, Alex, is visiting an ex-boyfriend Justin and his partner. The plot goes back to Justin and Robin's cottage where the men are drinking and play with their young attractive neighbor Terry. The novel ends with Alex and his new, more stable boyfriend Nick standing at the cliff's edge.
Two boys from the Foundling Hospital are given the same name with disastrous consequences in adulthood. After the death of one - now a proprietor of a wine merchant's company - the executors are commissioned to find a missing heir. Their quest takes them from wine cellars in the City of London to the sunshine of the Mediterranean-across the Alps in winter.
Hume's approach in the second Enquiry is largely an empirical one. He purports to provide a naturalistic account of morality, at least to the extent that it is common among the human species. According to Hume, we know moral truths via our sentiments. Hume rejects the view that all intentional actions are ultimately self-interested.
Giraut is sent to the rogue Union colony of Noucatharia to get to the bottom of several coincidences. He begins to fall in love with Rielis, a talented musician and singer. Paxa retires from the OSP and leaves Giraut after finding out she cannot be successfully backed up on a psypyx.
The story is about a nine-year-old girl sent to a country farm in Iceland to serve her probation for shoplifting. In the novel, the girl finds a kind of freedom by submitting to the inevitable restraints and suffering of remote rural life. The book is published by Hodder & Stoughton.
Shelly Tanner's husband Joe is a wealthy industrialist conducting military-sponsored research on Cold War armaments and intelligence gear. To relax, Joe has taken to shooting craps in a high-stakes floating game situated in various Los Angeles locations. His beautiful, sexually frustrated wife, Shelly sees through the crooked game, but can't convince Joe to stop throwing his money away. In desperation she drives to Las Vegas to enlist the aid of casino detective Barney Conroy.
Quaker colonists founded a colony on a planet they dubbed Pennterra. They soon discovered the planet was already inhabited, by a species they dub the "hrossa" The hrossa often tapped into the Quakers as they A second colony ship arrives from Earth. These colonists, called the Sixers, are more skeptical of the hross a request. They enter talks with the Quaker.
Isabella Vernaducci is a young aristocratic woman desperate to save her imprisoned brother. He has been falsely accused of treason and is slated to be executed within the month. She feels she has one chance to save him, the powerful Don DeMarco. Many say he is gifted with strange powers, that all, even the beasts obey him.
The story picks off where it left in Siege of Mithila. Rama and Lakshmana have collectively annihilated Ravana's massive invasion force. The wedding party of Ay Parashurama comes to a conclusion about Rama which remains largely unrevealed, and he gifts Rama with the Bow.
The book is a worthy sequel to The Rape of the Fair Country. The plot concerns the Rebecca Riots in the 19th century. The action is seen through the eyes of young Jethro Mortymer. The Rebecca name refers to the leader of the campaign, which was a man dressing in women's attire to protect his identity.
Solomon Northrup, a free carpenter and fiddler, was deceived by two men who originally offered him work as a musician in New York state and Washington, DC. They drugged him, and kidnapped and sold him into slavery while in the nation's capital. Northup eventually regained his freedom.
The book begins with Ro Laren, former Enterprise crew member turned Maquis officer taking command of a ship in the hopes of heading to Federation lines to safety. But they soon run into trouble when they are attacked by Jem'Hadar attack craft. Both ships send distress calls, and one ship comes to their aid: the Enterprise.
The play is set in a fictionalized version of the Kingdom of Sicily, ruled by an otherwise-unnamed king. In creating the play, Beaumont and Fletcher were influenced by the works of Sir Philip Sidney. The play bears relationships with a range of contemporaneous works, including The Faithful Shepherdess and Cymbeline.
Flint The King is set in the five years before Dragons of Autumn Twilight where the Heroes of the Lance split up and look for signs of gods returning. Flint struggles to bring the gully dwarves together and form a fighting force so that he can escape and use them to foil the enemies' plans.
Djinn twins, John and Philippa Gaunt, are off on another trip around the world in book four of the bestselling Children of the Lamp series. It's a race against time as the twins attempt to save their mother, Layla Gaunt from her destiny of being Blue Djinn of Babylon.
Tanis, the Shadow Years is set in the five years before Dragons of Autumn Twilight. The Heroes of the Lance look for signs of gods returning and a new evil stirring in the world. Tanis leaves Solace with Clotnik after the promise that the dwarven juggler can lead him to his long-lost human father. On the way they are trapped in a grass fire but manage to save themselves and a mage, Kispha.
The story follows a Middle-Eastern woman, Jehan Fatima Ashûfi, through various realities. She is, unusually, aware of the existence of these realities, which she perceives as "visions" and assumes might come to her from Allah. The adult Jehan of some realities struggles to reconcile her religious upbringing with her scientific profession.
Many toxic substances, even in low concentrations, can act together to cause much more harmful effects than each substance would individually. Extensive reform and overhaul in government regulation and inspection of the food and drug industry is needed. Preservatives are particularly criticized, and the increase in canned or packaged foods in cited as evidence of an increasing risk of poisoning.
Hank decides to get rid of his report card before his parents see it. He gives it to Robert to destroy. Robert puts it in a batch of salami. While this is going on Hank figures out he has learning problems. In the end Hank begins eating his sandwich while visiting the Press for the large Supermarket chain.
Lucy feels like people see her as English on the outside but on the inside she hates the English. Lucy also claims that she is trying to escape her mother. The novel explores Lucy's complicated sexuality, especially illustrated in Lucy's homoerotic relationship with Peggy. Lucy's dream of escaping her past leaves her feeling alone.
In the first chapter she proposes that if we came to an agreement on the definition of love and acknowledge it as a verb rather than a noun we would all be happier. She believes males learn to lie as a means of obtaining power, while females do the same but also lie to pretend powerlessness. She proposes that a relationship with God is necessary to provide love to others.
Peter Belzoni and his father Anthony join an expedition to return the dinosaurs belonging to the last dinosaur circus to the plateau. To reach the plateau, the expedition must deal with the vagaries of politics. One dinosaur dies en route, but the remainder are released on the plateau and must face, and escape from, dinosaurs both real and fictional.
Sofia Petrovna is a typist in the Soviet Union in 1937. Her son Kolya, an engineering student, is at the beginning of a promising career. Before long, however, the Great Purge begins and Sofia's coworkers begin vanishing, amid accusations of treachery.
Hal Warner, a rich young fellow determined to find the truth for himself about conditions in the mines, runs away from home and adopts the alias "Joe Smith" After being turned away by one coal mine for fear of Hal being a union organizer, he gets a job in another coal mine operated by the General Fuel Company, or GFC. In the mines he befriends many of the workers, and realizes their misery and exploitation at the hands of the bosses.
Set a year after the events of Fool Moon, the story begins with Harry Dresden hunting a ghost. The faerie Leanansidhe and her Hellhounds encircle them. Dresden is invited to a party celebrating the promotion of Madame Bianca, the head of the Red Court vampires in Chicago.
The book is a compilation of 10 short stories from various authors taking place in the fictional world of Krynn. The tales include "Riverwind and the Crystal Staff," "The Blood Sea Monster" and "The Test of the Twins" The stories are also retold in the novel, "The Second Generation"
The book is a compilation of 10 short stories from various authors taking place in the fictional world of Krynn. The stories include tales of an early adventure of the Companions and the demise and death of the Dragon Highlord, Fewmaster Toede. The tales are also reprinted in the novel, The Second Generation.
The play is set in a vaguely described science fiction future dominated by "The Game" Hoss has struggled to become the top Marker, only to find himself doubting his own abilities. The play ends with Crow assuming his place on Hoss' throne, with Becky quickly shifting her loyalty.
Wheelchair-using Sir Hugo Coal narrates this tale of vice and murder at stately Crook Manor. Unable to communicate with those around him, the quirky Sir Hugo watches and listens. Of particular note is new butler Fledge, whom Sir Hugo believes is not only the cause of the troubles at the estate, but seeking to replace him as lord.
Boxy an Star tells the story of two young lovers, 'Bole' and 'Star' Bole is the narrator of the story. The 'Boxy' in the title is the couple's friend and drug dealer. After a party at Boxy's flat, Bole and Star consume a large number of spangles and Es.
Agate Nesaule is a successful professor of Women's Studies and 20th century American Literature. Despite her outward professional success, Agate lives with an inner turmoil caused by her memories of war. She tells how she was prompted by her mother to beg the Russian soldiers, in Russian, not Latvian, for food. Later in life, she mistakenly tells this same story to her husband Joe.
Seven young people form an amateur theatrical group, the Blue Door Theatre Company. The children write, produce, direct and act in their own plays, each of them harnessing a particular talent. At the book's climax, the "Blue Doors" enter a drama contest which they have to win in order to be allowed to attend dramatic school.
 adventurer and trader Allan Quartermain seeks a meeting with the feared Zulu witch-doctor Zikali. He tells Allan he must seek out a great white sorceress who rules a hidden kingdom far to the north. Allan meets Umslopogaas, a fearsome Zulu warrior chieftain, on his journey.
The A-List follows the character of Anna Percy, who has been raised on New York City's Upper East Side. Anna has grown up living a life of privilege and many rules, which she somewhat jokingly refers to as "This is How We Do Things Big Book, East Coast WASP Edition". Anna moves out to Los Angeles with her father in the hopes of getting an internship in the entertainment industry.
The book centers around Otto of Schlepsig, a circus performer and tightrope walker, who is surprised to learn that he's an almost dead-ringer for Prince Halim Eddin. Otto and his friend, the sword swallower Max of Witte, get some uniforms and set out to take the Prince's place as King of Shqiperi.
The story begins with the Japanese army's defeat of the China forces occupying Hong Kong on 25 December, 1941. Nicholas is an eleven-year old boy whose parents have both suddenly disappeared in the chaos of war breaking out. As the Chinese come to do a home to home search, three loyal family servants, Tang, his wife Ah Mee, and the gardener Ah Kwan take Nicholas and they escape to Kowloon.
Schaine, Kelse, Jerd, Glissam, and Kurgech visit their father, Uther, in Uaia. They find an ancient temple built by Erjins, who are fully sentient. The land barons defy the Mull's decree to give up their domain.
The novel centers on a high school in suburban New Jersey. The story takes place in 1992, amidst the U.S. Presidential Elections that year. The novel ends with Mr. M ultimately losing his job as a teacher when it is found that he has sabotaged the election by pocketing Tracy's winning votes.
The story is presented as if related by a female story-teller in an Anglo-Saxon court. The Danish king Halfdan is murdered and his position usurped by his brother Frodhi. Halfdan's young sons Helgi and Hroar go into hiding to escape his fate.
Ricky Braithwaite is a British Guiana-born engineer who has worked in an oil refinery in Aruba. Coming to Britain on the verge of World War Two, he joins the RAF as aircrew. Demobbed in 1945, he is unable to find work, despite his qualifications and experience. But after discussing his situation with a stranger he applies for a teaching position. He is assigned to Greenslade School, a secondary school in London's East End.
The narrator, "Binder," is asked by the "Rum Doodle Committee" to lead an expedition to climb the highest mountain in the world. He assembles a team of climbers to play all the roles seen in the parodied literature. Hijinks ensue, as the expedition cook, "Pong," produces food so inedible that the expedition tries to continue on up the mountain without him.
Curious George is left alone at his house, and of course he is curious. As he is looking out the window he sees a tiny house he wants to explore. Inside the house are many bunny rabbits, and George accidentally lets one out. He struggles for a bit but finally is able to get the bunny back into the house.
The Queen of Air and Darkness is the second book in the four-part work The Once and Future King. It chronicles White's own version of the legend of King Arthur. King Pellinore gets married and has several children who will become important in The Ill-Made Knight. The Orkney faction is introduced.
 Dragons of Glory is both a sourcebook and a strategic-level board wargame. The set describes the war and the opposing armies, using Battlesystem statistics for both sides. By keeping a record of forces' positions over time, news can be related to the player characters, who can encounter various armies, creatures, or leaders at appropriate points.
The novel opens in February 1986 with Lee Peterson waking up and going about his daily routine. The novel flashes back twelve years earlier to April 1974. Lee, wanting desperately to start a conversation with Ella, joins a lucid dreaming study that she shows interest in. Over the course of the study, Lee and Ella become intimate.
Kathleen, Sari, and Lucy's lives are starting to unravel. Lucy is dating the man of her dreams-gorgeous, a brilliant scientist. Kathleen has been living off of her famous actress sisters. Sari finds herself suddenly face-to-face again with the "it" boy from high school.
Former hippie novelist Sandy Blair becomes involved in the investigation of the brutal murder of rock promoter Jamie Lynch. Lynch had managed several bands, including the legendary rock and roll group, the Nazgûl. The novel is notable for the detailed account of the history and repertoire of its imaginary rock band, including concert set lists and album track timings.
The story begins on March 6, 2007 in the small town of Sterling, New Hampshire. The characters include Alex Cormier, a superior court judge; her daughter Josie, a junior in high school. The shooting kills ten people and wounds many other people. Time flashes back and forth between events before and after the shooting.
Jim Qwilleran decides to get out of the city for a while and go on vacation. He stays at a lakeside cabin, owned by his old friend, Aunt Fanny. His plans get delayed when a peaceful fishing trip catches a body. Or is it simply an old tire, like the locals claim?
A werewolf is hunted by a harper; trying to escape, Kern finds himself at an inn and decides to stay. He decides at this inn to love the woman there and never reveal his animal nature. However, the harper has found him and threatens everything Kern now holds dear.
The story begins in 1846, at Combe-Raven in West Somerset. Magdalen signs up for a performance of Sheridan's The Rivals. She falls in love with Frank Clare, the good for nothing but handsome son of a neighbour. They are to be married, their fathers agree, and then the bottom Daughters discover their parents have only been married a few months and the wedding invalidated their will.
Philip Stenning is a commercial pilot, trained during the First World War. After his engine fails, he crashes and is rescued by an escaped convict. He turns out to have been framed for embezzlement by his Italian half-brother, Baron Rodrigo Mattani, who is smuggling drugs into England.
The book involves several young boys and girls and their role in assisting the Partisans in fighting the Germans invading Yugoslavia during World War II. There are allusions throughout to mythology such as the children's fear of the drekavac which they are told lives in the forest. The children are forced to conquer their supposed fear in order to assist the Partisan.
The story tells how Maurice Lenden had been flying a photographic espionage mission for the Russians. As in Marazan the book expresses respect for the Italian Fascist movement of the time. Philip Stenning appears again in this novel, once again portrayed as a 'rough diamond' with a debatable sense of moral justice.
The plot is based around the ancient Flawse family, landed gentry based at the falling-down FlawSE Hall, in the wilds of Northumberland. The single remaining family member is a cantankerous octenegarian named Edwin Tyndale FlawSe. His illegitimate grandson Lockhart combines sexual and educational innocence with an alarming propensity for violence when he or his wife is threatened.
Frensic and Futtle is a small and successful literary agency. Following a successful court case by a woman who claimed to have been libeled by one of their authors, the agency rapidly loses business. One day, a manuscript for a book called Pause O Men for the Virgin arrives at the agency. The book turns out to deal with the love affair between an 80-year old woman and a 17-year-old youth.
The novel tells the story of a young woman, Venus Johnston, who has grown weary of her four-year releationship with her boyfriend. Resolving to create a new, independent life for herself, she leaves her boyfriend and cuts her hair. Her ex-boyfriend shortly begins dating another woman, sparking feelings of doubt and jealousy in Venus.
Gwynedd in north Wales is ruled by Math, son of Mathonwy, whose feet must be held by a virgin at all times except while he is at war. Math's nephew Gilfaethwy is in love with Goewin, the current footholder, and his brother Gwydion tricks Math into going to war against Pryderi. Math marries GoewIn in compensation for her rape, and banishes Gwyion and Gilfaetwy, transforming them into a breeding pair of deer, pigs, then wolves.
"Rab and His Friends" is a simple story of how John Brown's teacher and employer, Doctor James Syme, taught and operated. The story begins with a fight between Rab and a bull-terrier and ends with the death of Ailie Brown.
The Book of Sorrows begins almost exactly where the last book ended. Two coyotes are making a new home for their growing family. They find a crippled bird who can only say two things: Jug Jug and Tereu. Chauntecleer comes upon Chalcedony, one of his hens, feasting on nothing but locust shells.
The story is based upon two schoolgirls, Hailey and Claire, who have lived as neighbors and best friends for many years. Claire and Hailey read books that contain information pertaining to marine life-forms. They learn that mermaids cannot survive on land for more than a week.
Wouk portrays several real-life Israeli leaders: David Ben-Gurion, Moshe Dayan, Golda Meir, Mickey Marcus, Yigael Yadin, Ariel Sharon, Motta Gur, and others. Both the real and fictional characters are portrayed as brave and decent human beings with character flaws.
The basic novel plot line is when two brothers get together for a fishing trip in memory of their recently deceased father. When Earl mistakenly concludes that Donny has slept with his wife, he beats him to death with a boat pole. The rest of the novel is concerned with the brothers' efforts to dispose of Donny's body.
The Enterprise is crippled when an intercontinental ballistic missile warhead explodes nearby. Kirk prevents an accidental nuclear detonation from erupting into full-scale nuclear war. Kirk and the other senior officers are blamed for the destruction of Talin civilization. They either resign from Starfleet, are demoted to ensign, or in Uhura's case, court-martialed.
The Boy Who Grew Flowers follows the character of Rink Bowagon, a little boy disliked among his peers that has the ability to sprout flowers on his body on full moons. This changes one day when a new girl named Angelina starts attending his class, causing Rink to become enamored of her.
Clarissa breaks up with Harvey after they return Down Below. She returns to Pickax looking for a job at The Moose County Something. She confesses to Qwilleran she never was really engaged to Harvey; he just wants Two cousins go out rabbit hunting, and only one returns. It would seem one killed the other for the money.
A man is first accused, and then convicted, of murdering his wife. As his execution date approaches, his friends frantically search for another woman who would be his alibi witness-but they cannot even find proof that she exists. The man is finally executed on June 25, 2013.
The novel consists of his essays and musings alongside diary entries by both Señor C. and Anya, a neighbor whom he has hired as a typist. The essays, which take up the larger part of each page, are on wide-ranging topics, including the politics of George W. Bush.
Torkyn Gynt, or Tor, is a 16-year-old boy who lives in a small village in the rural areas of Tallinor. Anyone with magical powers, called sentients, are bridled, branded, Alyssa becomes bitter and believes Tor no longer loves her. Torkyn is sent to attend the Caremboche festival, held periodically, instead of himself.
The novel is divided into 3 major sections-Prologue, the main story, and then the epilogue. The prologues follow the story behind the EAS Amundsen which fired the opening shots of the Earth-Minbari war. The main story then follows the Narn occupation of the Tuchanq and the serial killing of Narns.
Two servants, Ellie and Sigrid, are taking a walk when they discover a baby abandoned in a church. They decide to take the baby home and raise her as their own. When a beautiful, rich lady announces she is Annika's long lost mother, Annika is delighted. Annika then discovers her mother is a liar and a fraud.
Trickett claims that the Portuguese were the first Europeans to discover Australia, between 1519 - 23. The title of the book refers to the sixteenth century Dieppe maps of France which in part show land in a continent extending south of the Tropic of Capricorn, that is in the area of Australia. Trickett claims the Carronade Island cannons, originate from this voyage.
After the events of Maximum Ride: The Angel Experiment, the prior book, the Flock is headed toward Washington, D.C., where they hope to find the answers to their origins. However, after Fang is gravely injured by a flying Eraser and taken to a hospital, they are housed by an FBI agent named Anne.
In the third book of the Maximum Ride series, Max and her flock are faced with the task of saving the world from a massive company called Itex. While Max really wants to stop Itex, Fang is trying to convince her to stop and go live life somewhere isolated where they wouldn't have to fight.
The plot revolves around David Shirazi, who is assigned to stop Iran from developing nuclear power. The story starts in Iran in 1979 during the takeover of the American Embassy in Tehran. Dr Shirazi and his wife later become the parents of The story then jumps to 2001, with David going on a camping trip with his father and brothers.
 plot revolves around two major drug dealing gangs in the turf war surrounding the collapse of KMG. Gabrielle O'Brien and Michael Hendry are sent to infiltrate the infamous 'Slasher Boys', led by a man who calls himself Mr Kazkov. Norman Large tries to blackmail Lauren so he can be a teacher at CHERUB again.
Teresa Simons is drawn to a quiet English seaside town in the aftermath of a motiveless massacre by a gunman. Her husband, an FBI agent, had died in a similar outburst of violence in a small Texas town on the same day. Similarities between the two incidents of spree violence, apparently taking place at random, are shocking and inexplicable. Teresa finds she can come to terms with the senseless nature of the murders only by immersing herself in the world of virtual reality.
Peter Sinclair endures professional unemployment and the breakup of a long-term relationship. He tries to escape his self-perceived newfound social marginality through creating an intricate fantasy fiction. The novel's climax leaves the fact ambiguous as to which world is real and which is fantasy, with the novel ending in the same unfinished sentence as Sinclair's manuscript.
A Dream of Wessex is about a group of dreamers who create a consensus virtual-reality future. Once they enter their imaginary world they are unable to remember who they are, or where they are from. The novel is itself an extended metaphor for the way in which extrapolated futures are created.
Parvana is a girl from Mazar-e-Sharif, Afghanistan. Parvana's family had been killed by the Taliban, and she had been extremely lucky to run away. She becomes the family's breadwinner, wearing her dead brother, Hossain Parvana runs into a girl that she used to go to school with named Shauzia who has been put through the same experience.
Dark Gold follows the story of Aidan Savage and his lifemate Alexandria Houton. After saving her and her brother, Joshua, from a vampire, he inadvertently converts her. The story chronicles her struggle to accept the loss of her old life and her embrace of a new one.
Gregori has come to San Francisco, where Savannah has ended her tour to claim her. The bombardment of new emotions prevents him from detecting the presence of a vampire. Gregori is forced to kill him in front of her. Savannah still refuses to bond with him; however Gregori informs her that there is no choice for either of them.
The story follows Lily Bloom's encounter with the afterlife after dying from cancer. After being transported to new lodgings near Dalston accompanied by her Aboriginal spirit guide Phar Lap Jones, Rude Boy her dead 9 year old son and a lithopedion foetus she soon starts to adapt and learn the ways of the dead.
The central character, Hamer Shawcross, starts as a studious boy in an aspirational working-class family in Ancoats, Manchester. He becomes a socialist activist and soon a career politician, who eventually is absorbed by the upper classes he had begun by combating. The book also gives a fair impression of the growth of the Labour Party in Britain.
No recording devices anywhere in the world functioned in the present during the event. When the awareness returned, reality collapsed into its most likely configuration. The deaths of several characters are forecast by the flashforward. Anyone who did not experience it is assumed to be dead in the future.
Pwyll, the prince of Dyved, offends Arawn, ruler of Annwn , by baiting his hunting hounds on a stag that Arawn's dogs had brought down. In recompense he agrees to exchanges places with Arawn for a year. Arawn is pledged to fight his enemy Havgan, whom Walton represents as a member of a conquering eastern pantheon. Pwyll must overcome a number of foes to reach the Land of the Dead.
Britain is ruled by the children of Llyr and Penarddun, the giant King Bran and his siblings Branwen and Manawyddan. Branwen is given in marriage to Matholuch, king of Ireland. Bran placates the Irish king by compensating him with new horses and treasure including a magical cauldron which can restore the dead to life.
Arlt follows, perhaps unknowingly, the steps of the Marquis de Sade, and of the Count Lautréamont. The book is narrated in first person and is cleanly constructed. The apprenticeship of the protagonist, Silvio Astier, develops in four separate episodes.
Dingo is a puppeteer who is travelling when he runs over a small child with his cart. He then goes to Artamila in order to find Juan Medinao, a prominent land-owner and childhood companion. Juan is really rich, and when Dingo arrives a servant comes to get Juan. Then, there is a flashback of the childhood of Juan, when his father, aka Juan Padre, was abusive to him and had an affair with Salome.
The story takes place at the same time as .hack//Roots. The main plot centers around Midori selling herself out to would-be PKers. It is later revealed that Midori is a sentient PC, a result of the "virtual cell" that was taken from Midori Shimomura's blood.
The play is set in Palermo in Sicily, in Massinger's era &mdash; during the Spanish Habsburg rule of southern Italy. The plot involves the intertwined marital fortunes of two prominent families. Samuel Taylor Coleridge reportedly called the piece "one of the most perfect plays we have"
The novel centres on a single father and his children: Anna, his natural daughter; Claire, who was adopted as a baby when Anna was born; and Cooper. The family lives on a farm in Northern California where Anna and Claire are treated almost as twins, while Cooper is treated more as "a hired hand" After Anna begins a sexual relationship with Coop, an incident of violence tears the family apart.
The city of Clarges in the future is a near-utopia, surrounded by barbarism throughout the rest of the world. Nearly everyone is obsessed with a perpetual scramble for life, as measured by slope. Five categories have been created for those playing the life-extension game. The ultimate prize is the top category, called Amaranth, which offers true immortality.
The story begins with the main character, Afsan, looking at the stars and reflecting upon his arrival in Capital city. By inheritance, Prince Dybo is now Emperor Dy-Dybo, ruler of all the land. Afsan asks Dybo to pledge himself to what would come to be known as the Quintaglio Exodus.
Mauricio is the son of Marysol, the last woman in line, and he is trying to make sense of all the women in the story he is related to. The book is divided into four stages of the main character's life. It starts when his mother is dying in the hospital bed, which begins his recollections of his mother's life and his upbringing.
The children visit an old stately home which is hosting some famous sea paintings. The plot hinges on the fact that Ern spots that on subsequent visits a little boat he particularly admired in the piece de resistance of the collection is missing. The children unknowingly place themselves in great danger by pointing this out to the crusty curator.
The book's unconventional tone and unpredictable nature have elicited comparisons to Kurt Vonnegut and Francesca Lia Block. Some of the personalities are based on real people, including an Orthodox film director and a Hasidic rebbitzin who is also a hip-hop M.C.
The novel, set largely in 1962 is narrated by Reuben Land, the asthmatic eleven-year-old protagonist. It includes his older brother Davy and younger sister Swede. The Lands' lifestyle is disrupted when troublemakers Israel Finch and Tommy Basca attempt to molest Davy's girlfriend. They attempt revenge by kidnapping Swede before returning her unharmed. Having provoked them to enter his own house, Davy kills them and is tried for murder.
The play is set in an ahistorical version of northern Italy during the High Renaissance. The Duchy of Mantua, ruled by a Gonzaga, is threatened militarily by the ruler of Florence, Duke Lorenzo. The opening scene deals with love rather than war: a love-sick gentleman who calls himself Hortensio.
Mohan Rayat and Lindsay Neville have been sent to the bottom of the ocean, after having been infected with c'naatat in the World Before. They have developed gills and can sense their surroundings using sonar. Rayat wants to acquire the bioluminescence ability that Shan has so he can try to communicate with the bezeri without the aid of the translation lamp.
The book revealed details of the events that went on during the coursework at Mind Dynamics and Leadership Dynamics. Events depicted in the book took place over four-days at the Hyatt House motel in Palo Alto, California. Participants that instructors deemed as "dead" to their lives, were told to stay in the coffin until they realized "how much it means to be alive"
David Innes and his captive, a member of the reptilian Mahar master race of the interior world of Pellucidar, return from the surface world in the Iron Mole invented by his friend and companion in adventure Abner Perry. He names the place Greenwich and uses the technology he has brought to begin the systematic exploration and mapping of the unknown land.
The story focuses on the lonely and slightly effeminate boy Joel Harrison Knox following the death of his mother. Joel is sent from New Orleans, Louisiana to live with his father who abandoned him at the time of his birth. Joel meets his sullen stepmother Amy, debauched transvestite Randolph, and the defiant tomboy Idabel, a girl who becomes his friend.
 Centauri Prime is starting the slow and painful process of rebuilding, under the watchful eye of Emperor Londo Mollari. But Londo is in turn being watched - and manipulated - by the conquest-hungry Drakh. The malevolent beings are reshaping the Centauri Republic into a secret seat of power.
The book is set in November 2258, the same year as the first season of Babylon 5. It revolves around Galen, a member of the Technomage order. It details the internal structure of the technomages' order and shows the run-up to the Shadow War.
The story begins where the second book, Summoning Light, left off. The technomages have reached their "hiding place", an asteroid in an uncharted region of our galaxy. Of the original Circle, only Herazade, Galen's teacher Elric, and Blaylock remain.
Kazuko Yoshiyama is a third-year middle school student. She smells a lavender-like scent and faints. After three days, strange events transpire around Kazuko. The next morning, at the exact moment of a car accident, Kazuko is transported 24 hours into the past. She meets a mysterious man who has assumed her friend Kazuo's identity.
This book is told from the point of view of a young boy named Melvin. Borgel shows up one day at the house where Melvin and his family live, claiming to be somehow related to the family. The trio end up meeting multiple interesting people such as a bloboform, a man who sleeps upside down in trees, and Hapless Toad.
The novel is generally considered to be part of the literary genre known as Magic Realism. It delves into the richness of native culture and oral tradition and touches themes such as: myths and legends, songs, native wisdom and lore, nahualism, magic and animal spirits. It exposes the devastating effects capitalism and international companies had on the lives of Guatemalan maize growers.
Felipe Montero, a young historian, accepts a live-in position editing the memoirs of General Llorente, which the elderly widow wants published before her own death. Intoxicated by the airless atmosphere of the house, Felipe begins dreaming of having sex and escaping with Consuelo's young beautiful niece, Aura. One night, while he embraces her, Aura turns into the old woman. Felipe then takes on the role of the General, coupled with consuelo, to give birth to 'Aura'
In The Carpathians we are presented with a topsy-turvy world. The novel is hijacked by one of Mattina's new neighbours who describes herself as an imposter novelist. As Mattina begins to unravel the secrets of Kowhai Street she discovers, in her own bedroom a mysterious presence.
Little House in the Big Woods describes the homesteading skills Laura observed and began to practice during her fifth year. This first volume does not contain the more mature themes addressed in later books of the series. Hard work is the rule, though fun is often made in the midst of it.
José Brande is posted to Madrid to fill the vacancy of his predecessor at San Jorge who was promoted to First Consul, has suffered a stroke. Nicholas takes an instinctive dislike to Garcia, fearing his dead fish eyes and his tendency to appear unannounced. At Nicholas's suggestion, a gardener, the 19 year old José, is hired to tend the neglected garden.
Carl Schirmer's life is transformed when he is turned into energy by an eighth-dimensional being and transported to a faraway world. What follows is a thrilling ride similar to Flash Gordon involving a woman from the end of time, a man who can live off sunlight, and an alternate, paradisaical Earth in which World War II never happened.
In A Race Against Time, Nancy Drew is a movie star? Ned's college film club is making a spooky vampire movie set in an old deserted mansion - and Nancy is the star! The popular detective has also been asked to model in a series of TV commercials for a new beauty product. A valuable racehorse has been stolen from a nearby farm.
Prince Pryderi of Dyved returns to his realm with Manawyddan, the last survivor of the family. An enchantment descends on the land, leaving it a wasteland empty of all domesticated animals and humans apart from the four protagonists. They support themselves by hunting at first, then move to the larger realm of Llogres.
Prewytt Brumblydge, inventor of the Brumblitron, must be found in order to disable the device before it destroys the Earth. This is a job for Mr. Bass, but he has disappeared... so the boys pore over his notebook for clues and go spacefaring. This time, instead of journeying to Basidium, they fly to an airless rock named Lepton.
David and Chuck discover half-million-year-old fossils on the cliffs. Tyco Bass reveals some of the history and customs of the Mycetians. The boys' discovery of the ailing Prewytt Brumblydge leads them to attempt a new, unscheduled trip to Basidium.
Tyco Bass has been a close friend to Chuck Masterson and David Topman ever since they built their space ship for a journey to the Mushroom Planet. Now Mr. Bass needs their help in a battle against time and the forces of evil that threaten the Mycetians. Chuck and David must use their wits as never before in a search which takes them from a joyous celebration to a terrifying test of endurance.
Mia Thermopolis is in a royal puddle. Her one and only boyfriend won't take her to the prom and her 15th birthday is coming up. Michael and his band sing a song for her and turn up their amps so that everyone in the school can hear. At the dinner, disaster strikes. Grandmere's poodle jumps out of her purse and runs around the restaurant.
The plot is typically convoluted: the jilted boyfriend of wealthy Virginia Fablon hires Lew Archer to investigate the background of her inamorata. The resulting inquiries take the reader through levels of society from the homeless to the wealthy. Except for brief forays into Las Vegas-the title refers to cash skimmed by casino operators to avoid taxes-the action takes place around Montevista.
The IHOP Papers follows the life of Francesca, a disgruntled twenty-year-old lesbian virgin. Francesca falls in love with her female junior college professor, Irene. The novel is written using a first-person narrative and Francesca is portrayed as writing the story in her apartment.
Duluth is one of the experimental texts Vidal refers to as his "inventions" It describes both a novel written about Duluth and a television series of the same name. When residents of the city die, they end up as characters in the TV show, who can in some cases continue interacting with the living through the TV screen.
Kay Scarpetta has abandoned her elegant home in Richmond, Virginia, and is quietly living in Florida. Her grief for Benton Wesley continues to grow, as does the rage within Lucy, her niece. Then the architect of her changed fortunes contacts her from his cell on death row. Jean-Baptiste Chandonne still has the ability to terrify.
Homecoming is set in the early 1980s in Provincetown, Massachusetts. It tells the story of four siblings aged between six and thirteen. Their mother abandons them one summer afternoon in their car next to a Connecticut shopping mall. They are rescued by a college student, Windy, who feeds them and offers them shelter.
Most of the plot follows a mixed-raced man named Gregori Grogorievich. A decorated, but disgraced Imperial Russian Army Major who has left the military for a maritime life in Southeastern Alaska. He is hired one day by a Tsarist government official to make a rendezvous with a mysterious woman named Valari Kominskiya, but things go badly.
Tira is a Londoner who survives the snowfall by staying on the surface of the snow. She meets a worker in the London underground and they both survive by sheltering in a high-rise office building. The worker later dies after falling off a chair. Tira is then rescued by 'Food Miners' of the New United States of America.
Brossard has spent the better part of his life in hiding, traveling among the monasteries and abbeys that offer him asylum. He has evaded capture for decades with the help of the French government and the Catholic Church. A new breed of government officials is determined to break decades of silence and expose and expiate the crimes of Vichy.
Elspeth sets out from Obernewtyn to Sutrium to testify at the trial of a rebel traitor. Pitted against an invasion, Elsepth finds herself on her strangest and most dangerous journey yet. Drawn into the heart of the Herder Faction, she learns of the terrible plot to destroy the west coast.
The plot concerns an advanced race which has developed within the Earth's core. Eventually their most intelligent members create an offspring. This created entity encompasses both great good and great evil. The entity is called either the Dweller or the Shining One. Eventually of the race which created it only three are left; these are called the Silent Ones.
Freeglader starts in the capital of the Edge, Undertown. The city is slowly being destroyed by a dark maelstrom, triggered by Vox Verlix. The Undertowners begin a mass exodus, fleeing to a new life in a vast, beautiful area of justice and equality, the Free Glades.
Victor Cyprien is a French mining engineer. He moves to the Griquland district to study the formation of diamonds. While there he falls in love with wealthy landowner Mr. John Watkins' daughter, Alice. He decides to attempt to artificially make a diamond. His experiment seems to work as a 243 carat diamond is produced.
Into the Wild is a young adult novel about cats. It is the first book in the series to be published in the UK. The book is about ThunderClan and RiverClan's battle over a strip of land. It also tells the story of Rusty, a house cat who joins the Clan and becomes a warrior.
Fireheart and Graystripe are promoted to warrior status in Into the Wild. As their first task as warriors, they are assigned to find and bring back WindClan, which had been driven out by ShadowClan. Fireheart is reunited with his sister, Princess, a kittypet living in a Twolegplace. Princess gives Fireheart her oldest kit, Cloudkit, to take into the Clan as a new apprentice.
Fireheart is determined to uncover the truth about the Clan deputy, Tigerclaw, whom he believes is untrustworthy. Meanwhile, Fireheart's best friend, Graystripe, risks the trust of his entire Clan as he continues having a forbidden love affair with Silverstream, who is from RiverClan.
Fireheart is now ThunderClan's new deputy, but the previous deputy, Tigerclaw, still haunts Fireheart's dreams. Bluestar also begins to become distrusful of the Clan after Tigerclaw's betrayal. In the summer months, Fireheart struggles with his disrespectful nephew and apprentice, Cloudpaw, who goes to a Twoleg for food.
A pack of dogs begins to run wild in the forest. Fireheart suspects that Tigerstar, ShadowClan's new leader, is behind it. With Bluestar still insane, it is up to Fireheart to destroy the pack. He and the senior warriors decide that a patrol of cats will lead the dogs to and over the nearby gorge.
Firestar is now the leader of ThunderClan and receives his nine lives where Bluestar tells him the prophecy "Four will become two, Lion and Tiger will meet in battle and blood will rule the forest" He chooses his deputy to be Whitestorm, an experienced warrior who is quite old. Tigerstar attempts to unify all four Clans claiming that it would help the Clans survive. While Leopardstar agrees, Tallstar and Firestar both refuse to join this alliance.
Six months have passed since the previous book, The Darkest Hour. Bramblepaw, Tigerstar's son, has received his warrior name, Brambleclaw. Firestar has had two kits with Sandstorm, named Squirrelpaw and Leafpaw. StarClan, the cats' ancestors, send Cinderpelt an ominous warning in some burning bracken.
In the previous book in the series, Midnight, StarClan, the warrior cats' ancestors, sent four cats on a quest. At the end of their journey, they arrived at the ocean and found an unusually intelligent badger named Midnight. Midnight told the cats that the Clans would have to leave their forest home and find a new place to live.
The Clans must move to a new home, or risk death. The destruction of the forest has already begun, with the Clans starving as the food supply has been cut off and their habitat destroyed by the humans building a new road. At the same time, cats are being taken away by humans, including a ThunderClan apprentice, Leafpaw.
Four warrior cats discover a lake which serves as their new home, replacing their old home which is destroyed by humans. The Clans temporarily set up camp by the lakeshore and decide that, the next day, they sort out their differences. The cats later cross a moorland which Crowfe Barkface, the WindClan medicine cat, tells Firestar that leader Tallstar is dying.
ThunderClan is still suffering from Mudclaw's attack on WindClan, as ThunderClan supports them in battle but they pays the price with wounds. Leafpool deals with her forbidden love with Crowfeather, and struggles with her feelings; she must choose between her heart and her Clan. Squirrelflight and Ashfur grow much closer.
After a badger attack destroys much of ThunderClan's camp, Brook Where Small Fish Swim and Stormfur help to rebuild the camp. The battle rekindles Squirrelflight's love for Brambleclaw, leading her to have an argument with Ashfur. All of the Clans are grieving for the death of Cinderpelt.
Lion Jaypaw is one of three cats who hold the power of the stars in their paws. Graystripe was thought to have died when twolegs took him away in The New Prophecy series. He managed to escape with the help of Millie and found the new home.
Never before has the world seen such a princess. Mia's royal introduction to Genovia has mixed results. While her fashion sense is widely applauded, her position on the installation of public parking meters is met with resistance. But the politics of bureaucracy are nothing next to Mia's real troubles.
This book is a successful hit being one of Meg Cabot's most mature books. This story begins the day before Mia goes back to school to begin her sophomore year, which she feels is completely pointless. The only thing that seems good about school this year is the arrival of a new English teacher, who both Mia and Lilly feel they will love.
When Mia bankrupts the student government buying high-tech recycling bins, she needs to raise $5000 soon. All her friends mention selling candles, but Mia absolutely refuses. Grandmere comes up with a solution: a musical, written and directed by Grandmere, starring Mia and her friends. The musical portrays the achievements of Mia's famous Genovian ancestor, Rosagunde.
Mia is now a junior. She is no longer student president but more problems come along as she passes through the school year. First, Michael tells Mia that he needs to spend a year in Japan. Then to make matters worse, she learns that Michael had a friends with benefits relationship with Judith Gershner.
Mia Thermopolis is having a bad time. She's failing Chemistry and Pre-Calculus, Michael has moved to Japan thinking she hates him, Lilly isn't speaking to her, and someone has set up a hate site about her at www.ihatemiathermopolis.com. Unable to cope, Mia retreats to her room, begins binge-eating, and refuses to go to school for four days. Eventually, Mia's family steps in.
In this final book of the series, we see that while still a teenager, Mia has shown major improvements in her progression to becoming an adult. She has been dating J.P, keeping in touch with Michael, and building up a friendship with Lana. She also has to deal with turning eighteen and the extravagant party that Grandmere is throwing for her.
The story centers around a serial killer loose in New York City whose slayings are patterned after illusionist tricks. The novel's title is a specific reference to an illusionist trick where a person is made to disappear and then reappear. It also alludes to the killer in the novel, who is quite talented at disappearing soon after his crimes are committed.
The novel begins in November 1999 with Rosemary Woodhouse waking up in a long term care facility. She learns that she has been in a coma since 1973, the result of a spell cast on her by the coven. The events of the entire first book and nearly all of the sequel are revealed to have been a vivid dream of Rosemary's.
Mike Havel is a former U.S. Marine and veteran of the 1991 Persian Gulf War. He works as a bush pilot. On March 17, 1998, he is flying over the Bitterroot Mountain Range in Idaho when a Mike and Eric encounter a trio of racist survivalists on horseback who have taken prisoner a black man named Will Hutton and his family.
Fat space pirates inhabit the planet Spiegel and they travel around the galaxy collecting fattening and unhealthy food. To discover new types of food they search for the greatest cooks in the galaxy. They bring cooks from two distant planets and one cook from Earth. The cook's name is Steve. He and his assistant Norman are brought to Spiegel along with their restaurant, The Magic Moscow.
A teenager's pregnancy is beginning to show. This causes her mother much grief, as the girl will not name the father. Suspicion in the village rests on a navetanekat, or migrant laborer. The Money-Order centers on an illiterate, middle-aged Senegalese man named Dieng.
Catherine "Cat' Royal lives in the Theatre Royal, after the owner, Mr. Sheridan, who named her after the theatre, found her as a baby. Cat befriends an African boy violinist, Pedro, who arrives to be the musician's apprentice. Cat also meets the aristocratic Avon family, and the children, Lord Francis and Lady Elizabeth, who are not as arrogant as other wealthy people.
Nobody Owens is a children's book about a toddler who is adopted by the ghosts of a graveyard. The book is about Nobody's adventures in and out of the graveyard as he grows up. As a boy, he befriends a girl called Scarlett Perkins and she is eventually convinced by her mother that he is her imaginary friend. It is with her that Bod discovers a creature called the Sleer.
Avalon is at the edge of destruction. It seems as if the wicked spirit warlord Rhita Gawr has already gained his victory. The ancient tree has but tiniest hope in the young wizard Tamwyn, the apprentice priestess Elli, the fierce eagleman Scree, the graceful elf maiden Brionna.
A young woman removes her right arm and gives it to a man to keep for the night. He talks and caresses it, and then decides to replace his own arm with it. The "relationship" the man has with the detached arm serves as a portal into the landscape of memory and emotions.
Tara Hawrami is the daughter of Kak Soran and Teriska Khan. Her family is displaced by the ongoing war between Iraq and Iran. The family is forced to flee to Iran where they wind up in a refugee camp for several months. Eventually, they are able to find a place to stay in London.
Penniless Leonard Outram attempts to redress the undeserved loss of his family estates and fiancee by seeking his fortune in Africa. In the course of his adventures he and his Zulu companion Otter save a young Portuguese woman, Juanna Rodd, together with her nursemaid Soa.
The book tells the story of a group of Europeans in the Kalahari Desert. They are pursued by more than one hundred of the Herero King's best men. The story continues with the Oregon meeting with the leader of the Congolese Army of Revolution, Makombo. They also hear that a billionaire with a controversial product has been kidnapped.
The novel begins in the present tense at a point approximately midway into the novel's subsequent narrative. The fictional diary of Dr Harry Goodsir is also used by the writer. The novel concludes with mutiny, double cross, cannibalism, and the splitting of the survivors into several groups-all of which meet grisly ends.
"Love Story" is romantic and funny, yet a tragic story. It is the story of two young college grads, whose love was stronger than any of the tests life threw at them. Oliver Barrett IV, a Harvard jock and rich heir to the Barrett fortune and legacy, and Jennifer Cavilleri, the quick-witted daughter of a Rhode Island baker.
In 1953, a young boy named Johnny Smith is knocked unconscious while ice-skating. While recovering he mumbles a strange message - "Don't jump it no more" Johnny is a high school teacher in eastern Maine. After visiting a county fair with his girlfriend Sarah, and eerily winning repeatedly at the wheel of fortune, Johnny is involved in a car accident.
Brothers Dick and George are involved in cattle duffing. They are introduced to Captain Starlight, his Aboriginal assistant, Warrigal, and their hideaway, Terrible Hollow. The brothers then move to the Turon goldfields. Their prosperity through honest, hard work gives them the chance for escape from the country. They accept the offer, but are caught, partially due to betrayal.
Susannah 'Suze' Simon is a mediator, which means she can see and talk to ghosts. She spends a lot of time directing the usually unhappy dead to the afterlife. Suze gets three stepbrothers in the deal, whom she nicknames Sleepy , Dopey , and Doc.
Tim Monahan's third novel is "Moo University" Book One ends with a chapter entitled Who's in Bed With Whom? Book Two opens with a news article detailing Governor Early's budget cuts. Mary, Keri, Sherri, and Diane are spending more time together.
The novel is set simultaneously during the events of Tiberium Wars. Many game characters are either featured or mentioned such as Kane, Lieutenant Sandra Telfair, Gen. Jack Granger, and W3N reporter Cassandra Blair. The novel describes the actions of GDI's 22nd Infantry Division, led by Michael McNeil, who are decorated as heroes.
The novel is set three months after The Dolphins of Laurentum and six months after the children solved their first mystery. It is winter AD 79 during the five-day festival of the Saturnalia, a time when the status quo is upset. Ostia is further excited by the escape of some exotic wild animals, possible man-eaters.
A coming of age story set in the mythical "golden age" of Spain. The titular character is excluded from the inheritance of the family castle on the grounds that given his expertise with sword and mandolin he should be able to win his own estate and bride.
Leopold Gursky falls in love with his neighbor Alma Mereminski. The two begin a relationship that develops over the course of 10 years. Leo is sent to the U.S. by his father, who feared the alarming news concerning fascist Germany. Leo develops an obsession with finding his place in the world.
Bernard Sands is a prominent writer who has been given financial aid to start a writer's colony at Vardon Hall. He faces a failing marriage, attempts to come to grips with his homosexuality and lives next door to a procuress for pedophiles. He is also a gay man.
The dialogue form allows Diderot to examine issues from widely different perspectives. The character of Rameau is presented as extremely unreliable, ironical and self-contradicting. The impression is that of nuggets of truth artfully embedded in trivia. The poor genius is left with but two options : to crawl and flatter or to dupe and cheat.
Scientists from Earth have found ways to train and educate some of the Tenebrans. This training becomes crucial when two beings-a young girl from Earth and the son of an alien diplomat-are marooned in a bathyscape that is headed toward the surface of the planet.
The protagonist, Ben Knowles, is from a London manufacturing family. In 1848 he experiences the disorders in Paris and then resolves to move to the United States. In New York he encounters Timothy Skaggs, a journalist, novelist and pioneering photographer. The novel charts the characters as they journey west and participate in the California Gold Rush.
The TARDIS arrives on Tiermann's World. Professor Tiermann and his family live alone here in a futuristic, fully automated Dreamhome. An enormous alien creature called the Voracious Craw is heading towards their home with the intent to devour everything. Outside sabre-toothed tigers roam a frozen landscape, and the Dreamhouse itself turns against its occupants.
The novel is a look at San Francisco in the 1970s, exploring "alternative lifestyles" and "underground" culture. Mary Ann Singleton moves to San Francisco and finds herself living at 28 Barbary Lane. Her life becomes intertwined with those of her varied neighbors and myriad colorful characters.
A Minnesota schoolteacher and her students discover a large number of deformed frogs. Concerned about the possibility that the deformities occurred because of a contaminant in the water, Ms. Reinitz contacted the Minnesota Pollution Control Agency. The presence of these deformities in both natural and man-made water cast doubt on the theory.
Michael Tolliver and Mary Ann Singleton go on a cruise, thanks to money given to her by her former boss, Edgar Halcyon. While on the cruise, Maryann begins a relationship with a handsome amnesiac. Meanwhile, Mouse becomes extremely ill and is hospitalized, profoundly affecting his relationship with Jon.
Much of the action is set in the Russian River area north of San Francisco. Returning characters include Mary Ann Singleton and Michael Tolliver. New characters include Thack Sweeney, a plus-size model and Roger "Booter" Manigault, DeDe's stepfather.
Anna Madrigal's "logical" children have fledged from 28 Barbary Lane. She rattles around with her new brood until a Greek holiday and a romance whisk her away. Her daughter Mona Ramsey, now a Lady, wanders back in from the cold.
The novel represents Maupin's return to the Tales of the City characters some eighteen years after the sixth book in the series was published. In a departure from the third-person style of the original Tales sequence, Michael Tolliver Lives is narrated in the first person by the title character. New characters include Michael's much younger partner Ben and his transgendered co-worker Jake Greenleaf.
A man named Gene finds himself cast into a new world by a powerful godlike being. Gene has been changed in such a way that he has every talent needed to survive this new world. Gene is rescued from the seemingly endless oceans by a passing ship that is similar to the looks of a Viking galley. A mysterious creature joins them aboard their ship to help deal with the threat of war from their neighboring kingdom.
Hibbert, an imprisoned innocent, is caught up in the jailbreak of his cellmate Scarlatti, engineered with the assistance of another man, Burks. The four encounter a miraculous golden stairway extending into the sky. Another stairway leads them to the land of Khoire, a strange and mysterious paradise. There a man named Patur exposes the true nature of each by means of a crystal mask.
Shibli Bagarag, a Persian barber, and Noorna, an enchantress, are given the quest of shaving the tyrant Shagpat. Along the way Shibli acquires a magic sword and meets a series of exotic creatures. The second paragraph of the book provides a capsule summary of the story.
Star Light is set several decades after the events of Mission of Gravity. It takes place mostly on the supergiant planet Dhrawn, which some suspect of being a failed star. Mesklinites are recruited to explore Dhrawn. The gravity at the surface is 40 times the Earth's.
A Dahlia Le Blanc, a Telekinetic who shirks the company of others, is forced to rely on the mysterious warrior Nicolas Trevane to protect her. A man whom she finds herself falling in love with despite not wholly trusting.  After being targeted by an assassin, A DahliaLe Blanc; a telekinetic, shirking theCompany of others.
Gator Fontenot of the Special Forces paranormal squad can't refuse an urgent response to save Iris "Flame" Johnson. Now unleashed, she's a flame-haired weapon of unimaginable destructive powers, a walking time bomb bent on revenge in the sultry bayous of New Orleans. It's Gator's job to reel Iris in.
The main story centers around Mrs. Caroline Fish Carillon's search for her missing husband, Leon. They were married as children to solidify a business arrangement between their parents who had started a soup company. After several years apart, they plan to meet again as adults. During a sailing trip, Leon falls overboard. He shouts a message to his wife which is partially obscured by his going underwater.
Bram and Modoc are born on the same day and the same hour. Bram is unwilling to be parted from his elephant and acts as a stow away across the Indian Ocean. The circus owner is unexplainably able to find them through the rebellion and transports Modoc and Bram to America where they become stars of the big top.
Christie Malry is a "simple man" who longs for sex and money. In order to understand how money works, he takes a job in a London bank. Bored by his bank job, he quits and starts work at Tapper's, a sweet factory. One day, he has the idea to apply the double-entry system to his life. Malry graduates from minor acts of personal revenge to large-scale terrorism.
The book begins with statistics of short life expectancy, high death rates, high infant mortality, low birth weight rates, and high disease rates. Randall states that they are a direct result of slavery and the lack of health care that was provided from the time of slavery to the Jim Crow laws. She insists that the health care system rid itself of intentional and inadvertent racism.
The story revolves around a medical student named Kaoru Futami whose father has contracted a deadly disease called Metastatic Human Cancer. Kaoru knew that his father was involved with a massive supercomputer project named LOOP. The LOOP was a computer simulation of the emergence of life but still unable to simulate such a thing.
 Edgell explores issues of women's rights. Luz Marina must figure out how to approach her mother-in-law to release her children. The novel takes place during the festival of the patron saint of the village and other villagers are themselves in turmoil. Edgell is published by Hodder & Stoughton.
The novel focuses on Meir, a 42 years old architect from Tel Aviv, who at the beginning of the novel is suddenly stricken with the fear of dying. The novel's plot surrounds the changes in his life following this realization of his mortality, including an affair with his doctor, the death of his mother, and a trip to Europe.
A young girl, Deryn Sharp, is staying with her brother Jaspert in London. She dreams of joining the British Air Service and to serve on one of the great airbeasts. In order to do so, she must pretend to be a boy. To pass the starting exam, she is inducted into the crew of the Leviathan, and makes friends with the Monkey Luddite Newkirk.
Pascal believes that everyone's physical and mental health and development can be classified based on the interplay between innateness and heredity. Pascal classifies the 30 descendants of his grandmother Adelaïde Fouque based on this model. His niece Clotilde sees his work as denying the omnipotence of God and as a prideful attempt to comprehend the unknowable.
In Hunting Mister Heartbreak, Raban sets off from the Port of Liverpool on board the 56,000 ton container ship Atlantic Conveyor. His meandering journey takes him to New York City, Alabama and Seattle. The books ends with Raban's search for the end of America in the Florida Keys, "the Land of Cockaigne"
Newby takes part in a Special Boat Service operation on the east coast of Sicily. He and his colleagues fail to make their rendezvous with a British submarine. Newby is imprisoned in an orphanage at Fontanellato in the Po valley. With the Armistizio, the Italians let the English prisoners escape.
The plot of "The Heaven Shop" centers around 13 year old Binti, a girl from Malawi with above-average socio-economic status for the country. The rest of the novel focuses on the hardships the siblings have to go through, and the effect one AIDS-related death can have on a family. In the end, their Gogo died.
Becca and Doug MacKenzie have escaped Wenzi Island and Sheng-Fat, but find themselves right back in the action. Their ship is struck by a powerful typhoon and is driven ashore on Sulphur Island. There the two teens, Doug and Becca, find themselves once again facing their nemesis, Julius Pembleton-Crozier.
The play is set in Palermo and Siena in Italy. The court of King Roberto of Sicily receives an ambassador from Ferdinand, the duke of Urbino. Ferdinand has sent an appeal to his ally Sicilian King Roberto. The King's sensible decision is protested by his "natural" half-brother Bertoldo.
The novel works as a strange Bildungsroman, in which the main character - Ian Wharton learns the art of black magic from his benafactor Mr. Broadhurst. The protagonist's education culminates in bizarre rites of bestiality and necrophilia. The novel could also be seen as an example of an unreliable narrator as it is unclear whether the strange events in the novel are meant to be real or hallucinatory.
At the time of the genocide, Casard is ten and still goes by her original Armenian name Garod. Garod and her mother Seta are driven out of town into the desert. After walking for two weeks without water or food, the caravan reaches the Euphrates River. The river lies in front of the caravan, and a band of Garod is given the name Cafard, meaning melancholy of the soul.
Coasting is a travelogue about Jonathan Raban's single-handed 4,000 mile voyage around Britain. Raban sailed with a chart and a hand-bearing compass; he sailed by the look of the coastline. The British are famous for their insular arrogance and condescension, he says.
Young Matthias from Macedonia follows his two older brothers' example and enrolls in Alexander's cavalry together with his close friend Lygaios/Lucas. After 125 days of marching meets the rear of Alexander's army. The absurdity of the war is revealed in all its grandeur.
The children are supposed to be staying at Kirrin Cottage. As soon as George's mother and father's maid Joanna catches scarlet fever, the Five are sent to live with an old friend, called Tinker. When Tinker's ) father's top secret papers go missing, it is left up to the children to find the thief, whoever he is.
The novel begins with a small group of guerilla soldiers, a much older Clare Savage among them. The second chapter tells the story of Paul H. who is initially at a party with Harry/Harriet-a transsexual half- Clare's father, Boy Savage, is taking immigrating with his family to the United States. He stumbles upon Christopher, another servant employed by Paul's parents, and enlists his help in dealing with the bodies.
The novel is broken into three distinct parts. The protagonist travels to Cuba to find out if Teresa and Guevara were her parents. She does not find her mother - a Cuban local claims that her mother is dead. In the third section of the book the protagonist seeks authentication of Teresa's story, particularly Teresa's claim that she had an affair with Guesara.
In 1911, Taylor, a former big-league pitcher, has been sent down to the minor leagues at age 37 due to problems with his pitching arm. He longs for a second chance and approaches his former manager, John McGraw, about re-joining the New York Giants. Short of players, McGraw eventually agrees to take him on a post-season exhibition trip to play baseball in Cuba. During the games in Cuba, Taylor is introduced to a promising Cuban prospect who is also deaf also.
This is the story of two Nutbrown Hares, Big Nutbrown Hare and Little Nut brown Hare. The two are never stated to be father and son in the original storybooks, though are referred to as such in the narration for the animated television series. The story is simple, but effectively shows the love the two share for each other.
The first 18 problems in More Sideways Ar arithmetic, encompassing the first six chapters, contain verbal arithmetic problems involving addition. The next 10 problems, taking up the next three chapters, are cryptarithms involving multiplication as well as addition. Unlike the first part of the novel, very little backstory is provided.
The Front Row Kid is a phrase that Horwitz uses to describe the children of his youth. It also becomes a metaphor for his lost youth, as well as for the fans of the old movie westerns who grew up and moved on. This section of the book documents Horwitz's journey to Hollywood, where he gamely tries to locate the surviving Western film stars.
Golden Globe and Steel Beach take place in a universe similar to, but different from, Varley's "Eight Worlds" universe. In both universes, the solar system has been colonized by human refugees fleeing aliens invading the Earth. The protagonist, Hildy Johnson, is a newspaper reporter who finds trouble beneath the near-utopian society run by the Central Computer.
The coach of the Crows football team, J.J Forbes, sends Wally out to find a new player for the big season championship which was to start in 2 weeks. Wally couldn't seem to find anyone with some decent talent. He decides that he is going to live back on the farm with Lil and spend a lot more money.
An imagined autobiography of Henry V, King of England, from his neglected but happy youth in Wales. His tumultuous relationship with his father, who usurped the throne, through his storied victory at the Battle of Agincourt, and his troubled later years. Henry V: The Life of a King is published by Thames & Hudson, priced £16.99.
Mollie MacNeil and her son Alan, miss Archie who is away in the United States trying to make a living as a professional boxer. Archie has been away for four years and it is not clear whether he will return at all. Meanwhile, Louis Camire, a French expatriate, is trying to convince Mollie to come with him to France where people are more equal.
The novel consists of two narrators: Mai, a teenage Vietnamese immigrant, who flees to America on the day Saigon falls in 1975. Mai worries about her mother's health condition and understands how desperately her mother wants to see Baba Quan. Mai retreats at the last minute because she not only fears for being deported by the U.S government but also recalls what her grandfather did.
Expedition to the Demonweb Pits offers the characters many items, including two new legend items: Thaas and Spidersilk. It is the PC's goal to prevent the reading of the Dark Pact. The demon lord Graz'zt seeks to form an alliance with Lolth against Orcus.
A plane crashes over the Atlantic and all 345 passengers are killed. Among the dead are the wife, daughter-in-law and two grandchildren of Dr. Terrence McAfferty , former CHERUB chairman. A troubled boy named Fahim Bin Hassam calls the aircrash investigation hotline and attempts to blame his father. Fahim is taken in to start life as a CHerUB, but when a camcorder showed that he sleepwalks every night and talks out loud, Zara Asker states that it is too dangerous to send him on missions because he might blow his cover.
Celia Almeida falls in love with a married Spaniard named Gustavo. After their honeymoon, he leaves her at home with Jorge and Celia have three children. Pilar grows up rebelling against her mother. Felicia's mental state deteriorates to the point where she tries to kill Ivanito Lourdes.
Necromancer Jaime Vegas is hired by a television show, along with other celebrity spiritualists to raise Marilyn Monroe's spirit for a little chat on the anniversary of her death. Jamie experiences something that should never happen, a ghost that she can not see but can feel touching her. Frightened that she, like other necromancers before her, is going crazy, she reaches out to other supernaturals on the Interracial Council for help.
Thugs of the Kali cult return to exact their revenge by kidnapping Tremal-Naik's daughter Darma. Kammamuri, Sandokan and Yanez set sail for India to help their loyal friend. But the evil sect knows of their arrival and thwarts them at every turn. Have our heroes finally met their match?
In the winter of 1812 a group of deserters from all the armies of the Peninsular War descends on the isolated hamlet of Adrados, on the Spanish-Portuguese border. The seize a number of women on pilgrimage to a convent in the village, including Josefina Lacosta who is travelling as "Lady Farthingdale", and an Madame Dubreton, the English-born wife of a French colonel of cavalry.
Two elderly Valmouth-area ladies are concerned with the marriage prospects of the latter's son. Captain Thoroughfare, away at sea, is rather scandalously engaged to a black girl, Niri-Esther. Thetis Tooke, a local farmer's daughter, is obsessed with Captain Th thoroughfare.
 Exodus is the story of 15-year-old Mara, who lives on the island of Wing in the year 2100. Through her cyberwizz Mara tells the villagers about New Mungo, a place where they can go which is a new land raised high above sea level. The book ends with the hope that the refugees will reach safety in Greenland.
Khaled is a hardworking, conscientious djinn, a true believer working industriously in the service of Allah. He oversteps the mark and causes the demise of a certain non-believer, and as a result, is condemned to being human for a while. In the company of a superlatively gorgeous princess, of course.
This story takes place in the tiny kingdom of Yurt. It reads like a charming, light-hearted story at first, but darker forces soon reveal themselves. The book reads somewhat like a mystery, where Daimbert follows up on many clues throughout the story, eventually suspecting everyone in the castle. The caster of the evil spell is not revealed until the end of the book.
The Son of the Red Corsair is one of the most captivating stories written by Emilio Salgari. Part of the series usually referred to as Pirati delle Antille, it is the story of Enrico di Ventimiglia. The Count travels through the Spanish conquests of Central America in search of the stepsister he has never met.
Lieutenant Charles Acland is flown home from Iraq with serious head injuries. Crippled by migraines, and suspicious of his psychiatrist, he begins to display sporadic bouts of aggression. Police are investigating three 'gay' murders in the Bermondsey area which appear to have been motivated by extreme rage.
Sam Palmer has always been fascinated with insects, but now he has become obsessed. An army in the state of Vermia in another world called Aurobon prepares for war against humans on earth. Their weapon: a virus to be spread by mosquitoes. Word comes that "the Dreamwalker" has been found-and that she has a son.
Henry Wotton is at the centre of a Chelsea clique dedicated to a timeless dissolution. Baz Hallward, a sometime Warhol acolyte and video installation artist, has discovered a most remarkable young man, Dorian Gray. Hallward's installation Cathode Narcissus captures all of Dorian's allure, but perhaps it's captured another more integral part of him.
The novel uses the common nineteenth-century device of a "framing story" to set its narrative in context and augment its believability. The story proper was written supposedly by Deucalion, a warrior-priest of ancient Atlantis; the text having been partly destroyed inadvertently by one of its discoverers at the time of its finding.
The "est" in the book's title refers to what Stevens described as "Electronic Social Transformation" The "est people" were a new generation of postliterate humans who were to bring about a "transformation" of society. R. Buckminster Fuller, Jiddu Krishnamurti, Ralph Nader, Marshall McLuhan, Malcolm X, Albert Einstein, Lewis Mumford, and Eric Hoffer were named as examples.
The story centers on two world-traveling Jewish bandits who style themselves with the euphemism "gentlemen of the road" Amram is a hulking Abyssinian who is equally proficient with an axe as a game of shatranj; he is haunted by the disappearance of his daughter many years ago. His companion is Zelikman, a Frankish physician who uses an over-sized bloodletting lance as a rapier.
A 10-year-old boy named Measle is living with his horrid guardian, Basil Tramplebone. Basil builds a detailed train set out using money that was left for MeasLe by his parents and plays with it, while all Me asasle can do is watch him. MeAsle tricks Basil into leaving the house by telling him that there is extra money in the bank.
The Idylls of the Queen is set in the Great Britain of King Arthur, as portrayed by Sir Thomas Malory's classic Le Morte D'Arthur. No attempt is made at depicting with historical accuracy the time of the actual King Arthur. The author illuminates their characters in a fashion both insightful and true to their portrayals in medieval literature.
Anne Frank was born on 12 June 1929 to a middle class Jewish family in Frankfurt am Main, Germany. Her family emigrates to the Netherlands where Anne enjoys an idyllic life. However, the situation changes quickly once Germany invades the Netherlands in May 1940. The family is soon forced to go into hiding with another family at the back building of the family business. After two years and one month they are betrayed and sent to concentration camps where they all perish with the exception of Anne's father, Otto Frank.
The story revolves around a group of LAPD officers in the early 1950s who become embroiled in a mix of sex, corruption, and murder. The title refers to the scandal magazine Confidential, which is fictionalized as Hush-Hush. It also deals with the real-life "Bloody Christmas" scandal.
In 1982 Blackberg, Stockholm, Oskar is a 12-year-old boy who resides with his mother and occasionally visits his father in the countryside. Because he is the victim of merciless bullying, he has gained morbid interests. Eli is revealed to be a vampire who was turned as a child and therefore stuck forever in a young body.
The novel is set during the early 1980s whilst Egyptian President Anwar Sadat was introducing the infitah or open door free-market economic policies. The plot revolves around a young Egyptian man who is in love with a co-worker. The grandfather of the protagonist reflects on the generational gap in Egypt throughout the novel. Like many of Mahfouz's novels, the book uses Egyptian history and society to analyze universal themes.
The necklace of Queen Marie-Antoinette was believed to have been destroyed centuries ago. It was found by Sir Henry Williamson, a wealthy British collector based in France. Blake and Mortimer arrive in Paris in order to testify at the Olrik and his men escape using the Paris Catacombs over which the house rests.
Julian Savage, the twin brother of Aidan, is sent to warn a young singer, Desari, that she and her band have come under suspicion by a fanatical vampire hunting society. Julian instantly knew he had found his lifemate because of his ability to see in colour, accompanied by the return of emotions.
"The £1,000,000 Bank-Note" charts the magical rags-to-riches ascent of a virtuous and resourceful mining broker's clerk from San Francisco. The other pieces range from "Mental Telegraphy" to a tongue-in-cheek "Petition to the Queen of England"
Keith Winton is a journalist for a science-fiction review. With his glamorous co-worker girlfriend, Betty, he visits his friends in the Catskills. On the same day as an experimental rocket is to be launched, Betty has to go back to New York. Keith is alone in his friends' garden, deep in thought, when, suddenly, the engine of the rocket crashes and explodes.
The story begins on 26 March 1964. Luke Deveraux, the protagonist, is a 37-year-old sci-fi writer. He holes himself up in a desert cabin with the intention of writing a new novel. Drunk, he considers writing a story about Martians, when someone knocks on the door.
At the beginning of the novel, Lol Stein is a woman in her thirties. She was born and raised in South Tahla in a bourgeois family. The novel is seen through the obsessive eyes of Jacques Hold. The primary character in novel shifts from Lol to himself.
Robin Audrey and Marjorie Manners are secretly engaged. Robin is inspired to become a priest by the sight of a man risking his life to serve God. He tells his father that he must go to Rheims and be a priest. He is now a priest, and has returned to England under the name Mr Alban.
The story is set in March 1922. Dr. Sam Hawthorn investigates Walt Rumsey, and tries to apply the solution of the Problem of Thor Bridge to this problem. The solution is that Walt had been in love with Millie and saw his opportunity to kill his romantic rival and escape punishment.
In July 1962, Edward Mayhew and Florence Ponting, have just been married. The couple are very much in love despite being from drastically different backgrounds. Edward is sexually motivated and though intelligent has a taste for rash behaviour. Florence, bound by the social code of another era is terrified of sexual intimacy. This leads to an experience that will change their relationship irrevocably.
Henry Cordwainer is a full-bearded naturalist who lived in the old gristmill owned by Seth Hawkins and his mother. When winter began his whole personality changed, and he became helpful, evan helping at the ice house. The next morning everyone learns that the Gristmill has burned down, and Cord wainer has had his head bashed in. Sheriff Lens is brought in and suspicion falls on Seth -- but Seth was at the cockfight the night before.
Haley Madison is a young and unpopular teenager that discovers that she has psychokinetic powers. After discovering that her family will have to move in order for her foster mother to take a new job, Haley decides to reinvent herself at her new school as one of the cool kids. Haley's popular status is threatened when Alexa Harmon comes to school.
Dionisio Vivo confronts drug lords and the government. He becomes the enemy of the ruthless coca lord El Jerarca. His implausible escapes from the assassins compel the people of the country to regard him as a magical 'brujo' and the saviour to their conflict and poverty.
Cardinal Guzman lives extravagantly in the capital, and immorally, due to the discoveries of his having a young son. Despite the downfall of El Jerarca in Señor Vivo and the Coca Lord, the drug trade continues. Cardinal Guzman's clergy and the corrupt military of the country set out to destroy the heresy of the countryside.
The sequel to The Hope continues the story of Israeli history to the climactic events of the Yom Kippur War and the promise of peace. Historical events in the book include: The sinking of the Israeli ship Eilat by Soviet rockets fired by the Egyptian Navy. The War of Attrition.
Monod believes the ultimate aim of science is to "clarify man's relationship to the universe" Monod points out an apparent "epistemological contradiction" between teleonomic character of living organisms and the principle of objectivity. Monod's essay developed from the Robins Lectures that he gave in 1969 at Pomona College.
Michael Carpenter awakes in a windowless institution. Although the regime in Limbo is quite liberal, Carpenter is not permitted to leave nor to know its purpose. Carpenter's fellow inmates are introduced: leftist intellectual Wright, corpulent joker Riley, fitness fanatic Treadwell and the nervous Sinnott.
The story centers around Dougy and his sister Gracey, who has been selected for the State 100m running championships. The story opens with a flashback to a picture in Dougy's past of him and his family sitting by the riverbank in their town drinking. Dougy spends most of this time monologuing about his family and when a flood comes they have to try to escape.
Stephanie Edgley's novelist uncle dies, leaving her his vast mansion and the royalties from his best-selling books. At the reading of the will, a strange man in a tan overcoat, a hat, sunglasses and a scarf is present, who is left a piece of advice. Skulduggery Pleasant, an undead wizard, takes Stephanie as his partner and races to save the world from the Scepter of the Ancients.
The book covers a wide range of topics to do with the issue. It starts by describing the myths that the public believes, that toxicity health issues are 'someone else's problem' The book ends with a discussion on Western and Eastern medical approaches and philosophies, a focus on alternative medicine and eating healthily.
Captain Blake has been assassinated at Athens Airport. A furious Mortimer swears that he'll never stop trying to avenge his friend. Sheik Abdel Razek, an old man with mysterious powers, protects him against Doctor Grossgrabenstein's crew. The doctor is a devoted Egyptologist who has undertaken excavations not far from the Great Pyramid.
Blocher outlines the doctrine of Original Sin in its four parts. Universal sinfulness is the shared culpability of all humanity. Inherited sinfulness, the transmission of the Adam's original sin. Adamic sinfulness the idea that sin had its origin in the Garden of Eden with an act of rebellion by Adam.
"Robin Hood FRS" tells of the efforts by the joint expedition members to recover an automatic supply rocket that has landed just out of reach. "Green Fingers" describes how a Russian team member - a botanist - secretly engineers plant life that could survive on the Moon's surface. "Watch this Space" tells how a scientific experiment conducted on the moon is sabotaged by "the greatest advertising coup" in history.
Aboard the cargo vessel converted into a luxury cruise ship SS Campari somewhere in the Caribbean. A member of the crew is suddenly missing and the unsuccessful stem-to-stern search only increases tension. Then violence erupts and suddenly the whole ship is endangered by a master criminal.
Walter Smith is an American expatriate farm owner/mechanic/engineer. He runs a successful sisal plantation in British East Africa near Mount Kilimanjaro. Before war breaks out in August 1914, Smith is on cordial terms with his German half-English neighbour, Erich von Bishop.
The story concerns Lorimer Black a successful loss adjuster. The narrative itself begins when he turns up at a routine business appointment only to find the man he was to meet has hanged himself. From then on his already complicated life begins to unravel as he falls in love with Flavia Malinervo.
Touching Darkness begins shortly after The Secret Hour ends. Jonathan discovers a "stiff" outside Jessica's house. Melissa and Rex visit a house where people are using dominoes with lore symbols to communicate with the darklings at midnight. Dess discovers a house in which another Midnighter - Madeline - has lived hidden for nearly fifty years.
The novel introduces three beings - a jeep, a dinosaur, and an old Mexican woman - travelling across a desert under the glare of three suns. They have been travelling for centuries though they do not know why they are crossing the desert or if they will ever reach the other side. The characters have each changed bodies several times.
The novel tells the story of a mysterious man named Kaw-djer. He lives in the land of Magellania, that is, the region around the Straits of Magellan. His motto is "Neither God nor master" He helps himself survive and also provides assistance to the indigenous peoples. When a group of settlers is shipwrecked on a nearby island, he assists them establish their colony.
Kay Fischer is an architect who has recently been defrauded by her ex-partner, Eric Meyerson. Kay learns that an old man has been enquiring about her and she is confronted by a Dr Salvador Carriscant. Carriscan tells his daughter than he wants her to find a man called Paton Bobby in connection with a murder that happened in the distant past.
The story and art were more graphically violent than comic books and movies of the day. One panel showed a pulped and bloody crushed hand and another showing a metal gun-barrel smashing through a man's teeth and sending teeth flying. "Savage depends on only two things: guys and his .357 magnum, which he has no compunction about using," one critic wrote of the 1982 reissue.
Martris "Tris" Drayke is the second son of the royal family of Margolan. He flees the city with his two friends: the bard Carroway and the soldier Soterius. Tris begins to experience powers he didn't know he had, magic left to him by his extremely powerful grandmother, Bava K'aa.
The last book in the Midnighters trilogy is all about the adventure of trying to keep the secret hour. The secret hour is slowly making its way into the real world. This is because there is a "rip" in true midnight, which allows non-midnighters to slip into the blue time, that is expanding like a seam in fabric.
The novel, set mainly in 1959, centres around Florence Green, a middle-aged widow. She decides to open a bookshop in the fictional town of Hardborough, Suffolk. The location chosen is the Old House, an abandoned, damp house said to be infested by ghosts. With many sacrifices, the business starts and grows for about a year.
Teenager Janice Crogan finds a diary belonging to a previous owner of Beast House, a local tourist attraction. The journal features lurid sex scenes between the beast and its author, the house's prior owner. Janice sends an excerpt from the book to famed author Gorman Hardy, who decides to travel to Malcasa Point to steal the book and publish it himself.
The President of the United States and Hollywood bombshell Babette Van Anka are carrying on an extramarital affair in the White House. After a night of cheating, the president is confronted by his wife, Beth MacMann. The two get into a fight, during which she throws a historic Paul Revere spittoon at the president. It is alleged he later dies from the injuries. The case is instantly declared the "Trial of the Millennium"
Professor Mortimer responds to an invitation from his friend Professor Labrousse. While travelling to his friend, Mortimer's cab crashes and he finds himself a new adventure. The world's weather has gone mad, Professor Mortimer finds himself on the doorstep of his friend.
Husain fondly describes his early years at William Burrough primary school in the 1980s. He learns about Islam from his family and his family's Bengali spiritual guide Shaikh Abd al-Latif. When his father makes him choose between Islam and the family, Husain runs away. Later he moves on to Hizb ut-T.
Crispin: The Cross of Lead is a novel about a young boy and his mentor, Bear. At the end of the book, Bear and Crispin are free to follow new lives. The book is a Newbery Award-winning work of children's literature.
The novel belongs to the genre associated with John Osborne, John Braine, Shelagh Delaney and other realist writers. The narrative allows the reader to examine the internal conflicts that Johnnie Byrne negotiates. By the novels' end, it is clear that Byrne himself has failed to influence his own life.
Dissatisfied with life and love in London, Lushington, a journalist, secures a posting in the Baltic and sets sail. Before he even reaches the new country, he has met and become thoroughly entangled with many of the characters who will affect his immediate future. Melancholy, shyness and embarrassment dominate the novel.
"The Brick Moon" is written as if it were a journal. It describes the construction and launch of a sphere, 200 ft. in diameter, built of bricks. It is intended as a navigational aid, but is accidentally launched with people aboard. They survive, and so the story also provides the first known fictional description of a space station.
The novel is part of a series following the character Tim Rackley, a member of the United States Marshals Service. Rackley must rescue the daughter of a Hollywood producer from a dangerous mind control cult, by infiltrating the group. The novel describes a fictional large group awareness training called "The Program"
Cedric Jennings will not swallow his pride, and with unwavering support from his mother, he studies and strives as if his life depends on it-and it does. Cedric had hoped that at college he would finally find a place to fit in, but he discovers he has little in common with either the white students, many of whom come from privileged backgrounds.
Richard Collier is a 36-year-old screenwriter who has been diagnosed with an inoperable brain tumor. He decides to spend his last days hanging around the Hotel del Coronado. He becomes obsessed with the photograph of a famous stage actress, Elise McKenna, who performed at the hotel in the 1890s.
The story begins by immediately breaking the fourth wall, telling the reader to "Burn this book!" It is revealed that the narrator is some sort of presence trapped within the novel. The presence understands that the reader isn't going to burn the Jakabok writes violent, hate-filled papers in which he commits torture and patricide.
The story centers on Lola's best friend, Ella. Lola wants to run against Carla Santini but can't because she hasn't been class representative for one term. So instead Lola enters Ella and Sam to be candidates and run againstcarla.
Humanity has spread across the galaxy, and the outer colony "Harvest" is one of the most remote. Although Harvest itself is only one-third the size of Earth, its fertile surface serves as the breadbasket for the A Covenant. Two San 'Shyuum, the Minister of Fortitude and the Vice-Minister of Tranquility, plot to take the place of the three Prophet Hierarchs currently leading the Covenant.
The Possessed is a history of the French Revolution. The book takes its name from Dostoevsky's The Possessed. It attempts to investigate the passion for revolutionary change which developed strongly in Central Europe and Russia. Unlike many other histories of revolutions Billington does not focus on events and social causes leading to popular uprisings. Instead he follows a sometimes almost invisible thread of incendiary ideas sometimes transferred via occult societies.
John O. Banion is a well-known pundit, who hosts a popular Sunday-morning television show. One morning, Banion grills the president of the United States on issues surrounding NASA. Shortly after, while enjoying a game of golf, Banions is abducted by what he believes are aliens and taken to their lab and probed. When he is returned, he is a changed man and tries to convince his friends in the Washington elite that the alien threat is real.
Elsha is a teenager living in a bleak, cold future where world-wide cloud cover has permanently blocked out the sun. Humans have split into two classes - the Chosen and the Quelled, of which Elsha is the latter. The Quelled are doomed to spend their lives in servitude to the Chosen, mining "firestones" - the only means of warmth on the planet.
The plot follows two parallel patterns, one during late apartheid South Africa and the other in 1992. Apart from a prologue following the formation of the Boer nationalist group Broederbond in 1918, the story takes place in1992. The book was released in 1993 during the reign of the National Party and the Afrikaner rule.
After killing a man in the line of duty, Inspector Kurt Wallander finds himself spiralling into an alcohol-fuelled depression. He has just decided to leave the police when an old friend, Sten Torstensson, approaches him to secretly investigate the recent death of his father in a car accident. Against his previous judgement, Kurt returns to work to investigate what he is convinced is a case of double murder.
A sadistic serial killer has been preying on men, beginning with a retired car salesman. Wallander soon realises both men have a past record of violence towards women. After another man is drowned in a lake, Wallander goes on the hunt for an avenging angel.
Two young women and one young man, inexplicably dressed as the nobility of Sweden did during the reign of Gustavus III, are found dead, all slain with a single bullet. Their bodies half consumed by animals in the wilderness. Wallander is horrified when he makes a connection between the crime and his close friend Svedberg, and after the latter is found savagely murdered in his own apartment.
Aurelio Zen is posted to remote Calabria, at the toe of the Italian boot. Under the surface of a tight-knit, traditional community he discovers that violent forces are at work. Zen is determined to find a way to penetrate the code of silence, to uncover the truth.
Carl Marsalis is a genetic variant known as a 'Thirteen', characterized by high aggression and low sociability. Bred to serve in a military capacity, Thirteens were later confined on reservations or exiled to Mars. Carl, having won by lottery the right to return from Mars, works covertly, tracking down renegade ThirTEens. The novel follows Carl's attempts to apprehend a Mars escapee.
The body, as Chief Inspector Wexford is informed later, has lain buried for ten years or so, wrapped in a purple cotton shroud. The post mortem can not reveal the precise cause of death. The only clue is a crack in one of the dead man's ribs. And then, only about twenty yards away, in the cellar of a disused cottage, another body is found.
Tempest Trine is a mechanic hired to work on the band's touring vehicles. Darius, the leader of a group of Carpathian musicians, is astonished to see the red color of her hair. But does his kiss offer the love and belonging she seeks, or a danger more potent than anything she has ever known?
The USS Enterprise is attacked by a Klingon warship. Kirk discovers the Klingon captain thought he was gaining revenge for vanishing Klingon ships. Kirk and his crew soon learn that ships from all over known space are vanishing. They race to stop the phenomenon before interstellar war breaks out.
The Baker's Boy is a fantasy novel about a baker's boy. The story begins with the rape of Queen Arinalda, the queen of Castle Harvell, by a man called Baralis. At the same time, a wiseman by the name of Bevlin watches a meteorite split into two pieces, one red and one white.
Lady Jessica Nepean is fond of flirtation, not so much because she is dissatisfied with her husband, Gilbert, as because it flatters her vanity to keep other men dangling just on the edge of proposal. At the houseparty of her sister, Lady Rosamund Tatton, her flirtation with Edward Falkner, a recently returned South African hero, is the theme of conversation.
Delisle had already been to China in Nanjing. He is deployed to Shenzhen as part of an outsourcing project. Unlike in Hong Kong, there are not many bilingual Chinese. Delisle tries to read books, works for L'Association's Lapin magazine, and buys Chinese artbooks.
Fourteen-year-old Jerry Luna refuses to speak after her mother's disappearance. Living at her great-great-aunt Constanza's house, she discovers a trunk. She is transported into the lives of her Jewish ancestors living in Spain in the years before the Spanish Inquisition.
Boris Waberski, brother-in-law of the wealthy widow Mrs. Harlowe, attempts to talk her English solicitors into advancing him money on his expectations as her heir, he is ignored. Unknown to him, he has been disinherited in favour of Betty Har Lowry, the niece of her late husband. Junior partner Jim Frobisher is sent to the estate to find out what's really going on.
Little Brother is the story of a young boy trying to escape the Khmer Rouge. It provides an insight into the general plight of refugees using the specific instance of this horrible experience as a backdrop. Vithy has worked for a year in the Big Paddy, with his big brother Mang. They are separated as they run for their life.
Set in the year 2090, the book depicts a future world where global warming has caused sea level to rise considerably. Most of the world's population were wiped out in "God's flood"; the survivors live in collections of floating oil-platform-like city structures, known as parishes.
The novel is about a U.S. official trying to improve women's rights in a fictional Middle Eastern nation. The wife of the ambassador of the fictional nation of Wasabia is beheaded for her crime. Florence drafts a proposal to introduce a women's television network in the relatively liberal Matar. The programming is effective, eventually causing the women of Matar to stage an uprising.
The play is about the wedding of Annabel and Bonvile. Lessingham, who is in love with Clare, tries to use the occasion to further his own suit. Clare leaves him alone, then sends him a curt and Lessingham needs a friend to second him in a duel. The easy amorality of the subplot distressed Victorian critics like Swinburne and Gosse.
Natalya first meets Vikirnoff in a forest while hunting a different vampire, who has help with him. They attempt to kill the vampire, and meet each other. While hunting the "Troll King", the two battle enemies, each other, and make love repeatedly.
Dark Reflections tells the story of Arnold Hawley, a gay, African-American poet who lives most of his life in New York City. The novel is divided into three sections, each illustrating a period in Arnold's life. Where most novels would start in youth and move towards old age, Dark Reflections begins, instead, with Arnold between the ages of 52 and 68.
Rafael De La Cruz has spent centuries hunting vampires with his brothers. After ages of loneliness, the raw desire to possess her overwhelms his very soul, driving him to claim her as his life mate. Colby Jansen has been the sole protector of her younger half-siblings, and with fierce determination and work she has kept her family together.
The novel takes place in 1870 in the lives of the southern Blackfeet people. The main character, White Man's Dog, joins his friend Fast Horse in a night-time raid against the Crows. The name Sleep Bringer derives from a Butterfly which Red Paint saw at the exact moment she was starting to think she was pregnant.
Sorry Rinamu is a 16-year-old boy who lives on Bikini Atoll. In the first section of the book, Sorry and the natives live through World War II under constant threat by the Japanese soldiers occupying the island. One day, American forces attack the island, defeating the Japanese troops, and freeing the atoll. However, an American commander, one of which represents Operation Crossroads, delivers the news to the natives that Bikini has been chosen as a site for nuclear tests due to "ideal" conditions.
The film is about a village in northern Burkina Faso. The story opens with the main characters Nadia Santos and Alexander Cold being on safari in Kenya. Nadia explores the village on her own and discovers the villagers' wives. The epilogue is set two years after Alex's and Nadia's adventure in the African jungle.
Strange objects have been sighted on the moon near Mons Pico. The British Government hurriedly plans a mission to photograph the domes from above closer range. The rocket is not large enough to send a man - enter Chris Godfrey, a 17-year old science whizz.
The Death Star is an enormous space station capable of destroying an entire planet. It was constructed under the orders of the ruler of the then new Empire, Emperor Palpatine. The architect of the project was Wilhuff Tarkin. The novel depicts the many politics and hidden agendas behind the massive project.
To the lunar domes previously photographed in Blast Off at Woomera has been added a cone emitting powerful neutron radiation. Chris Godfrey has the job of piloting a British rocket to plant a homing beacon next to the cone to enable a strike by American rockets carrying Soviet nuclear warheads.
John T. Unger, a teenager from the Mississippi River town of Hades, is sent to a private boarding school near Boston. During the summer he visits the homes of his classmates, the majority of whom are from wealthy families. In the middle of his sophomore year, a young man named Percy Washington is placed in Unger's dorm. Percy invites Unger to his home for the summer, the location of which he only states as being "in the West". Unger accepts.
The story describes the creation and "bleshing" of a new life form, Homo Gestalt, on Earth. It is formed by the symbiosis of four or more humans with paranormal abilities. "Bleshing" is how the organism describes its own completeness and functionality.
12-year-old Mike is looking for a safe place to escape from the real world. Tomas Immega's amusement park, Dreamland, provides a completely immersive theme park experience. Mike meets Annie, a midget known as the Mother Elf, who has eked out a living in Dreamland for thirteen years caring for the park.
Both America and Russia plan manned missions to the Moon to examine the wreckage of the structures destroyed in The Domes of Pico. Both spacecraft arrive at the same time. Unlike Chris Godfrey, the Russian pilot, Serge Smyslov, is unable to leave his Lunar Rover vehicle and both head for the wrecked domes.
Cole is hired by Ellen Lang to find her missing husband and son. With Cole and Pike's help, she kills former matador and crime boss Domingo Garcia Duran. The facts behind the events leading to Ellen's husband's involvement with Duran and his death are revealed.
Thousands of young people are terminally ill as a result of the radiation produced by the lunar structures destroyed in The Domes of Pico. A joint East-West mission is planned under the auspices of the newly formed United Nations EXploration Agency. The mission is commanded by Chris Godfrey, accompanied by American, Morrison 'Morrey' Kant and Russian Serge Smyslov.
This book begins with the attack on the Temple of the Triune by Uldyssian and his followers in the city of Toraja. Inarius decides that his power is such that he can now fly again without fear of the Angiris Council discovering Sanctuary. The story continues in third and final installment of the trilogy, The Veiled Prophet.
An unmanned probe returning from Venus crashes in the African desert. A Venusian spore on board thrives in its new environment. An urgent manned mission to Venus is launched from Lunaville. The plan is to collect samples from the Venusian atmosphere. But in the end a forced landing is required.
The book is a compilation of 10 short stories from various authors taking place in the fictional world of Krynn. "A Good Knight's Tale" by Harold Bakst is a tale that of a selfish father, Aron, who is overprotective over his daughter, Petal, which ultimately leads to a broken heart.
The novel talks about a traveller - we don't know much about him - who goes to the village of Femés in Lanzarote. There he's interested about an old woman, who walks in the shadows at night. She is María, who everybody calls Mararía.
The plot centers on Zuckerman's return home to New York after eleven years in New England. The purpose of his journey is for him to undergo a medical procedure that might cure or reduce his incontinence. While in New York he meets Amy Bellette, whom he had last encountered during a visit to the writer E.I. Lonoff's house in December, 1956. Henry Roth is a major influence, as becomes clear in Exit Ghost.
Greg Heffley is teased by his older brother because his mom bought him a blank red diary instead of a journal like he asked her to. He has a little brother, Manny who is "spoiled rotten" because he gets everything he wants and also gets away with everything he does wrong, unlike Greg. Greg and Rowley decide to participate in wrestling at school, although Greg quits after losing a match against Fregley.
The first man to pass close to Mars is driven insane by strange 'voices' He is unable to record the voices as the Van Allen radiation belts wipe the magnetic tapes clean. U.N.E.X.A. send their crack team to investigate. They find traces of an ancient civilisation, but then a disembodied Martian appears and demands its people be transported to Earth. One-by-one the crew are taken over.
The story begins when a 14th-century English army is abducted by aliens of the Galactic Federation to serve as mercenaries on planets where only low-tech weaponry is legal. The aliens are bound by a Galactic Federation law that states that advanced weapons can not be used on primitive worlds. The story then moves forward to the 22nd century, on Earth, where humanity has become capable of building vast ships in space and has developed an FTL drive. However the Federation considers their fast development a threat to its stability and has dispatched a fleet to wipe humanity from the universe.
Cirie is the story of a true 20th century heroine and the times that produced her. She is sustained by the survival skills she forged as imperial Russia fell apart. A huge novel of love and deception, chaos and perseverance, in the most shattering upheaval the world has ever known.
Birthright takes place before the games Diablo and Diablo II take place. It tells the story of Uldyssian ul-Diomed, a farmer whose only remaining family is his brother, Mendeln. In this time he has already become infatuated with a stranger to the town named Lylia.
A doctor needs money to pay off a voyage to Africa, so he joins the circus with the pushmi-pullyu as his attraction. He enlightens a circus owner who cares little for animals, fights against the practice of fox hunting and helps other creatures such as circus seal and cart horses too old to work.
Pippinella is special in that she possesses what is generally assumed to be an exclusive trait of male canaries: birdsong. The novel disrupts the chronological order of the series, with events occurring between Doctor Dolittle's Circus and The Voyages ofDoctor Dolittle.
A 40-year-old man tells a story of his childhood, when he was ten, living with his sister, mother and grandmother. When strangers left a baby with smallpox at the house, the family is affected by the disease. The man, who has not been named, was left with the disease himself.
This novel, set in Paris, portrays the economically bleak and emotionally taut lives of three roommates craving for artistic recognition and fame. Evolving in the trends of glamorous parties, borderline sex and designer drugs, Louise, the main character, just turned thirty, is facing an identity crisis. Now working as a techno deejay and a producer, she used to be a bass player for rock bands. Now she's wondering where this is all leading her.
Tony Hale, skilled engineer and amateur radio ham, smuggles a home-made transceiver on board an Earth-orbiting satellite. This proves invaluable as the commander of the satellite, Hendriks, is a megalomaniac and demands to be made 'Dictator of the World' The only secure link between the Earth and the satellite is Tony's radio.
The first manned expedition to Jupiter reaches speeds never experienced before. Despite this it takes several months to reach its objective, leading to tensions among the crew, as well as serious vision problems caused by "light slip" A miscalculation in the gravity of Jupiter means that they will not be able to stop in time and will crash into the giant planet.
In the play, that Ward converts to Islam in order to marry Voada, a beautiful Turkish woman. Ward's conversion to Islam is contrasted with the repentance and pardon of Simon Dansiker, the other pirate captain in the play. The unrepentant Ward dies at the end of the play&mdash;though he delivers an anti-Muslim rant.
Aya KitM was diagnosed with a disease called spinocerebellar degeneration when she was 15 years old. The disease causes the person to lose control over their body, but because the person can retain all mental ability the disease acts as a prison. Aya must cope with the disease and live on with life until her death at the age of 25.
An immortal beauty makes a bargain with a dying hard edged despot. He enters her service and learns of worlds he never knew existed. She guides him through many journeys, where he encounters strange and powerful creatures. Together they face perils and intrigues and learn each other's deepest secrets.
The story tells of several potatoes exposed to chemicals. The chemicals cause the potatoes to rapidly grow in size, become clever and sapient, and begin an attack on humanity. In essence, the book is a parody of the creature-feature films of the 1950s, combined with the oddball satire of Attack of the Killer Tomatoes.
Three robbers are very successful in their exploits, but one day there is a different treasure in the carriage they have stopped. There is only a lonely girl named Tiffany on her way to live with a wicked aunt. When Tiffany sees all of the treasure the robbers have collected, she asks what it is for. Later the robbers decide to open an orphanage with their wealth and all uncared children go to live there.
The story is set on Fire Island, and also partly in nearby New York City. Alice, age 21, and Riley, 24, are two sisters. Nearly every summer of their lives, they have shared the same childhood friend, Paul, 24. Paul has been absent for three summers, having been studying and volunteering in California.
U.N.E.X. decide that telepathy may be the answer. Telepathic twins Gill and Gail volunteer; one accompanying Chris Godfrey and the crew on the mission; the other remaining on Earth. As they near their objective, Gail notices increasingly disruptive personality changes in the crew. Their only chance of survival is to land on the 'dark' side of the planet; however the near absolute zero conditions lead to massive heat-loss. Can they be rescued before freezing to death...
Buddy is a young boy who is often picked on for being poor. He lives with his mum and dad. It all starts when Buddy wants some money for a school trip. After spending two nights at Julius and Charmian's house Buddy decides to escape to the country to avoid being put in care.
A massive increase in meteor activity around Saturn threatens to cancel the mission. The computer on Earth will be unable to manoeuvre the craft at such long distances to avoid collisions. The solution - instantaneous telepathy. twins Gill and Gail maintain a telepathic carrier-wave even under hypothermia which can be modulated to carry telemetry.
Phoenix and Ashes is about a girl named Eleanor Robinson and a pilot named Reginald Fenyx. Eleanor's mother died and her father remarried a woman named Alison, who already had two daughters. When her father was killed in the Great War, Alison showed her true nature as an Elemental Master of Earth who practiced the dark blood-fueled arts.
Bread Givers is a Jewish-American female coming-of-age story written by Anzia Yezierska. The opening chapter depicts the family's financial struggles and the Smolinsky family dynamics. Sara's three sisters each fall in love, have their suitors rejected by their father, and end in arranged marriages.
Nightwood focuses on Robin Vote, a woman in constant search of "secure torment" Robin's story begins in Europe, where she meets, and marries the false Baron Felix Volkbein. The birth of their son, Guido, causes Robin to realize that she does not wish to carry on this life.
Drilling project in Dudley hits a cavern 20 miles beneath the surface of the Earth. Russian Serge Smylov is sent to search for other forms of life in a rocket-propelled capsule. But it is damaged when it hits the bottom of the cavern. Then strange creatures start attacking him.
The book begins by announcing the death of Chris Godfrey and his three fellow astronauts after a fire and apparent break-up of their spacecraft as it approaches the orbit of Neptune. The crew have however survived but are stranded as their hypothermia equipment is irreparably damaged.
Hugo Pludek is an average person from a middle-class Czech family. His parents are worried about his future so they arrange an appointment for him with the influential Mr. Kalabis. Hugo does not find Kalabis but instead a sequence of absurd encounters starts. The play ends when Hugo comes home changed so much that his own parents don't recognise him.
Alexa goes back to Bridewell to rescue her friend Yipes with Warvold, Armon,Odessa, Murphy, and many others. Along this sad, adventurous but still amusing book,Alexa learns to trust in herself and in Elyon.
Dayworld is the first in the Dayworld trilogy of science fiction novels by Philip José Farmer. The novels focus on a man, Jeff Caird, who is a daybreaker, someone who lives more than one day a week. The story is set in a dystopian future in which an overpopulated world solves the problem by allocating people only one day per week.
The Polypontian Empire has conquered much of the known world in recent years. Scipio Bellorum has finally decided to invade his small neighbor to the north, the Icemark. After King Redrought sacrifices his entire army to stop the invasion, Thirrin, his daughter, is left alone to save the nation.
Radio signals begin flooding Earth from the vicinity of Uranus. Two ships, each with a crew of four are sent to investigate. The signals are traced to an alien spaceship. All but two enter the alien vessel to converse with the apparently friendly humanoid alien. One of the two remaining crewmen believes the alien to be malevolent and determines to destroy it.
Chris Godfrey is now deputy-director of UNEXA. He sends his former crew-mates to investigate unexplained perturbations in the orbit of Pluto. They discover that not only are their fuel tanks holed, but a super-dense wandering planet is on course to decimate the Solar system.
Gilda Joyce earns a scholarship to attend Our Ladies of the Sorrows, a private high school for Catholic girls. She discovers that a girl named Dolores Lambert had drowned in the lake near the school a few years ago. Gilda investigates the drowning of Dolores, and approaches to the truth after eavesdropping, and sneaking into places she was not supposed to be.
The novel begins with the announcement from an ethnological expedition to Mongolia that among humanity exist people who can turn themselves into animals. In the secret history depicted in the book, Medieval witch hunting was not a manifestation of blind fanaticism but a means of protecting Homo Sapiens against the resurgence of this very real threat.
The novel Glove Pond is a corruption of Edward Albee's 1962 play, Who's Afraid of Virginia Woolf? It concerns the two main characters, a couple named Steve and Gloria, and their dinner guests, Steve's younger colleague, Kyle Falconcrest, and his wife Brittany. The plot of Glove pond follows the dinner interactions between these characters.
Book lays the ground for upcoming Diablo games and novels. Uldyssian plans to reach Kehjan City to convince the Mage Clans to ally against the Prophet and his Cathedral of Light servants. The fate of Sanctuary and of many worlds is in peril. Trag'Oul the cosmic dragon can no longer keep Sanctuary cloaked from the High Heavens.
The story concerns the life of Johnnie Pascoe, a retired commercial and military pilot, who has engaged in a dangerous rescue in a mountainous region of Tasmania. Pascoe had been a fighter pilot during The Great War and had married an up and coming actress. The framing story closes with Ronnie Clarke making a successful attempt at Pascoe's rescue only to learn that Pascoe died during the night.
Beautiful Stranger follows Anna as she goes to New York City in an attempt to get away from the drama in Los Angeles. As she and Sam explore the city, Sam is spying on Eduardo in an attempts to discover why he's been acting so strange lately. Meanwhile a beautiful stranger appears on Anna's doorstep and she cannot escape the drama.
10-year-old Mandy White is mercilessly tormented at school by three classmates: Kim, Melanie and Sarah. After an incident where she is nearly hit by a bus while crossing a road to avoid the bullies, she is kept at home from school. She meets Tanya, a lively older girl being fostered by Mandy's next door neighbour. The girls become fast friends and dream of a future where they will be older and independent.
The books switches from character to character, following Italian soldiers in Beirut, flashbacks of their lives before they came to the city. The real inspirer and leading actor of the novel is "Charlie" Cantatore arrived in Lebanon many years before the Italian contingent, as a volunteer in the UN and was probably recruited from the famous Colonel Stefano Giovannone of Italian intelligence.
The novel deals with the poisoning of a disreputable lawyer named Monte Field in the Roman Theater in New York City. Although the play is a sold-out hit, the corpse is discovered seated surrounded by empty seats. A number of suspects are considered, but nothing can be proved until Ellery performs an extended piece of logical deduction based on the missing hat.
The murder case falls into the hands of Inspector Richard Queen of the Homicide Squad and his mystery-writing son Ellery. The suspects include the wealthy victim's family and friends, some employees of the store, and possible members of a drug ring. At the finale of the novel, Ellery Queen performs an extended piece of deduction by creating a list of conditions that the murderer must meet.
Parmenion is a half-blood Spartan whose mother is from Macedon. He is forced to kill a love rival in duel, forcing him to flee to Thebes. Parmenion starts a new life as a professional runner, but also gets involved with Thebian rebels attempting to overthrow the Spartan garrison. This ultimately leads to an extended war between to the two city states.
A series of unexplained disappearances from Lunar City leads to the assignment of Morrey Kant, Serge Smyslov and Tony Hale to investigate. Without any leads, Tony Hale devises a bold solo plan and is himself kidnapped. The series will be available on Blu-ray and DVD in the U.S. and Canada.
An engineer from Mars Base has been found dead, his spacesuit slashed. Morrey Kant, Serge Smyslov and Tony Hale's questioning flushes out a prime suspect. But Tony doesn't believe they have the right man and hatches a dangerous plan to find the real killer.
A multi-billionaire's grandson gets lost in the Caves of Drach in Majorca. The grandfather employs a team of astronauts to investigate. The expedition finds him in a huge and airy underground civilization peopled by practically immortal age-old humanoid beings who hail from the stars.
The Moon's orbit suddenly starts to decay for reasons unknown. discovered when a solar eclipse arrives a few minutes early. The only hope of averting imminent disaster is an experimental anti-gravity device devised by an eccentric, elderly Welsh professor, who disillusioned with mankind, refuses to help.
An eccentric millionairess is found to have been strangled with picture wire. The apparent murderer is a member of the surgical staff who was seen in the victim's vicinity. Ellery Queen examines a pair of hospital shoes, one of which has a broken lace that has been mended with surgical tape. He performs an extended piece of logical deduction.
Inspector Richard Queen of the New York Police Force's Homicide Squad and his amateur detective son Ellery are called in. After the death of an elderly Greek man who is an internationally famous art dealer and collector, his attorney discovers that his will is missing and notifies the district attorney. When it is exhumed, however, it contains no will but the surprising addition of a strangled ex-convict.
A schoolmaster in West Virginia is found beheaded and crucified to a signpost. The letter "T" is scrawled in blood on the dead man's door. Ellery Queen is on the scene and notes the shape of a "tau cross", or Egyptian cross. This seems to lead to a nearby bearded prophet whose invented religion mixes nudism and Egyptology.
Buck Horne was once the heroes of many a Western movie in the early days of Hollywood. Down on his luck, he went to work in a rodeo exhibition that was appearing in a New York coliseum. With twenty thousand people in the stands, a group of celebrities including detective Ellery Queen in the boxes.
Ellery Queen and his father are forced by a forest fire to seek shelter in a private home on the top of a mountain. Dr. Xavier's aerie is host to an unusual assortment of characters, including his family and guests, a pair of teenage boys who are "Siamese" or conjoined xiphopagous twins. Ellery performs an extended feat of deduction about the handedness of the murderer based upon the torn playing cards.
Spenser is hired by Harvey Shepard to find his missing wife, Pam. He soon locates her, but along the way begins to suspect that Harvey Shepard has been beaten and threatened but will not reveal why or by whom. Spenser suspects he is in danger with a loan shark. After getting fired from Harvey, Spenser is contacted by his wife.
Alan Duncan is a lawyer, recently called to the Bar in England. He is returning home to his wealthy parents' prosperous sheep ranch in Australia. His arrival home is marred by the apparent suicide of his parents' housekeeper. Alan realises that this troubled woman must have left her personal papers hidden somewhere in the event that her suicide attempt was not successful. He happens upon a small suitcase of letters, diaries and the woman's passport.
The maestro and the diva had only met thrice in their relationship of nearly three decades. Their relationship is characterized by mutual admiration, a sense of independence and ego. The maestro's favorite work, The Damnation of Faust by Hector Berlioz often comes up as a backdrop as well as a metaphor.
Bilbo Baggins, an eccentric and wealthy Hobbit, leaves his greatest treasure, a mysterious magic Ring, to his young relative Frodo Baggins. The Ring is greatly desired by the Dark Lord Sauron, who could use it to conquer the world, and must be destroyed in the fires of Mount Doom in Sauron's country of Mordor. Frodo and his friends Samwise Gamgee, Merry Brandybuck and Pippin Took set out to find the Ring.
James Caplon Answell arranges to visit his future father-in-law, Avory Hume, at his house in London. Hume invites the prospective bridegroom into his strong room that is fitted with sturdy metal shutters and a thick wooden door. When he comes to, he's alone in the locked and bolted room with Hume, who has been fatally skewered with an arrow.
A lonely cloud boy lives up high in the sky. One day, a butterfly passes by and its beauty gives him a great idea. He soon fashions a butterfly from a fluffy cloud nearby and sends it adrift in the air. Soon Cloud Boy looks down at the earth, seeing even more beautiful and wonderful things. He begins to fashion more clouds in the shapes of what he sees, things like boats, rabbits, and snowmen.
Golden Walter's wife betrays him for another man. He leaves home on a trading voyage to avoid a feud with her family. His efforts are fruitless, as word comes to him en route that his wife's clan has killed his father. As a storm then carries him to a faraway country, the effect of this news is merely to sunder his last ties to his homeland.
Stolen as a child and raised in the wood of Evilshaw as servant to a witch. Birdalone ultimately escapes in her captress's magical boat. She encounters three maidens who are held prisoner by another witch. They await deliverance by their lovers, the three paladins of the Castle of the Quest.
Osberne Wulfgrimsson and Elfhild are lovers who live on opposite sides of the Sundering Flood, an immense river. Osberne joins the army of Sir Godrick of Longshaw, in whose service he helps dethrone the tyrannical king and plutocracy of merchants ruling the city at the mouth of the river. Afterwards he locatesElfhild, who had fled with a relation, a wise woman skilled in the magical arts, and taken refuge in the Wood Masterless.
IBM punchcard technology was used in Nazi concentration camps. IBM and the Hitler regime continued uninterrupted in the face of broad international calls for an economic boycott. Half of IBM's German subsidiary's annual profit was suddenly generated in 1939. Every Nazi concentration camp maintained its own Hollerith Abteilung.
Bloodline takes place during World War I. John Shaw, a nineteen-year-old, joins the British Army and is sent to the front lines. His regiment commander is a man named Quincey Harker. Mina turns John into a vampire after convincing him that it is his destiny.
Hasdrabal Barca is the deadliest killer in Egypt. He is possessed of a rage few men can fathom and fewer can withstand. When one of Egypt's most celebrated generals defects to the Persians, it triggers a savage war. Caught in the midst of this violence is Jauharah, a slave in the House of Life.
A wealthy publisher and collector of precious stones and Chinese postage stamps has a luxurious suite in a hotel. When an odd and anonymous little man arrives and refuses to state his business, no one is surprised. He is locked in an anteroom with a bowl of fruit and left to await the publisher's arrival. When the door is unlocked, though, a truly bizarre scene is displayed.
The story begins with a young heiress and her uncle escaping the guests at her parents' house party. A one-eyed giant bursts onto the scene and kidnaps them, misidentifying the uncle as John Marco, a house guest. As Ellery is investigating the crime, another household member commits suicide out of sheer desperation at the potential revelation of a dread secret.
Ellery Queen is asked by a lawyer friend to help protect the interests of a pretty young heiress. She learns that her father, from whom she has been separated since her toddler years, has died just as she is to be reunited with her eccentric family. Ellery must shake off the Gothic trappings and the suggestions of black magic in order to figure out what has happened to the Black House and the gold.
Isak has attempted to explain his foretelling to the priests of the Temple of Center, so that people might be told what to expect. They are unwilling to accept such a bizarre idea. If the gods all turn their sight from the world, they must be angry with their representatives.
The novel begins with the day of Lynette and her sister Lyonesse's dual wedding to the brothers Gaheris and Gareth. The Red Knight, a knight who claims to owe no loyalty to Arthur, attacks Lynette's home in the absence of her sister. Lynette disguises herself as a servant boy and escapes, going all the way to Camelot and pleading with Arthur himself to help her.
According to the novel, a ship called the Dunarling was carrying 85 passengers wanting to migrate from Scotland to South Australia. There were four dolls, each named and cursed: 'Swith' was cursed with fire , 'Agley' with mischance, 'Smeddum' with foulness, and 'Snell' with the final destruction. These mandrake dolls were set upon the Dun Darling by Marie Catherine de Lairgo because she is jealous.
The Last Sin Eater is about Cadi Forbes, a ten-year-old girl who lives in a settlement community of Welsh Americans in the mid-1850s. Cadi carries a heavy burden of guilt and grief because of something Cadi seeks out the Sin Eater by talking first to Elda Kendric who is the oldest person in the village.
Dynah is a young Christian college girl at a bible college when rape shatters her life, and then the resulting pregnancy may shatter her faith. At home she finds her family torn apart as her mother admits to an abortion before she had Dynah that made her incapable of having children for several years. Dynah is eventually driven to isolate herself so that she can make the decision on her own.
Joe Wilson was a poor, itinerant salesman with a pretty young wife in Philadelphia. Joseph Kent Gimball was a wealthy, socially prominent New Yorker with an elegant and aristocratic wife. These two very different men were actually the same man, a bigamist leading a bizarre double life.
David was a man after God's own heart. His zeal carried him into battle. His faithfulness won him honor among his people. His humility led him into friendship with the man who would become king in his place. Jonathan. A man of honor and deep faith.
Moonshine is the sequel to Nightlife. The plot revolves around Caliban Leandros and his older brother, Niko, as they try to rescue the psychic Georgina from a mysterious gangster. The gangster incites the brothers to attempt to steal one of a pair of mysterious crowns called the Calabassa.
May Bird lives alone with her mother and her cat, Somber Kitty on the edge of a wooded swamp in West Virginia. When she falls into the lake, May finds herself in a world that is inhabited by things she thought were just in her imagination. A ghost named Pumpkin, has pulled her into the Ever After. It is a place few living people have ever seen.
Silver Death's-Heads have been committing seemingly random crimes for months. They become involved when they attack Paine L. Winthrop, a shipyard owner. Doc and Monk go out onto the foggy river to investigate. Based on a map of New York Harbour found at the club before it exploded.
Valperga is a historical novel which relates the adventures of the early fourteenth-century despot Castruccio Castracani. In the novel, his armies threaten the fictional fortress of Valperga, governed by Countess Euthanasia. He forces her to choose between her feelings for him and political liberty.
For young servicemen who had spent six years fighting fascism, postwar Britain was a drab, oppressive place. For a young and untried army comic keen on the Marx brothers and Jimmy Cagney, a Yorkshire Variety theatre in February was a vision of Hell itself.
Second Glance follows several characters throughout the book, in Jodi Picoult's typical fashion, flashing back and forth many decades to piece together the story. It is set in Comtosook, VT. The main plot is that an Abenaki land space is planned to be turned into a shopping mall. However, if the Abenakis can prove that an ancestor was buried on the land, it cannot be built on.
Much of the book's humor comes from absurdities and from the ridiculous portrayals of the writings and authors caricatured. Repetition is frequently employed for comedic effect. The fourth wall is broken on several occasions, as when Philo Vance responds to Heath's suggestion that Vance believes that all of the recent best-selling authors are going to be murdered.
Craig, the protagonist and narrator, is a 15 year old teenager who lives with his family in an upper-middle class Manhattan neighborhood in New York City. He attends the prestigious Executive Pre-Professional High School, having studied arduously to win admission. Once admitted, he becomes overwhelmed by the school's intense academic pressure, as well as his unrequited love for Nia, his best friend Aaron's girlfriend. His stress eventually manifests itself in an eating disorder, depression, use of marijuana, affected sleep habits, and suicidal thoughts.
Sierra Clanton Madrid can't believe her husband Alex would take a new job and uproot the family to Los Angeles without consulting her. Armed with righteous anger, Sierra turns their home into a battleground, even after they make the move. Alex chases success, both business and social, to compensate for his insecurities about his Hispanic immigrant roots.
Jedi Coalition desperate to overthrow the Sith Lord by any means necessary. Caedus is distracted by the fact that the Imperial Moffs had manufactured a nanovirus programmed to kill Hapan Queen Mother Tenel Ka Djo and her daughter Allana. Jaina Solo, now prepared to face and kill her hated brother, confronts him in one final lightsaber duel.
Todd and Sarah engage in a kiss that becomes more passionate than the ruse called for. This leads to a convenient affair between the two who "happen" to cross each other at the local pool. Larry is a retired policeman who is angry that Ronald McGorvey, a sex offender convicted of exposing himself to children, is allowed to live in his neighborhood.
In City of Crime, Batman investigates the disappearance of a young girl and unravels a labyrinthine conspiracy. In order to save the city he has sworn to protect, Batman will have to face old foes and a new nemesis spawned from its very depths. Noted villains appear in this novel such as Black Mask, Mr. Freeze, and Killer Croc.
Maisie, Finn, Nick and Lucas visit Gramps's childhood home in 1967. The house is filled with fear, distrust and despair. Maisie doesn't know what is wrong with her family but decides she must take action to help them. The story skips more than twenty years later to 1989, and it is Dan who is narrating. Dan reflects back on a tragedy that occurred during the summer of 1967.
The House That Berry Built is the seventh in Dornford Yates' series of 'Berry Books' It charts the Pleydell family's decision to sell White Ladies, their ancestral home in Hampshire. Unable to afford their aristocratic lifestyle in England, they take refuge in the South of France. Much of the novel is a thinly-veiled account of the building of 'Cockade' in 1934.
In 2002, Kate Cypher, a 41-year-old school nurse, returns home to her Vermont hippie commune to care for her aging mother. Her first night home, a murder takes place behind her mother's cabin -- the killing is identical to that of Kate's childhood friend, Del Griswold, who was murdered in 1971. Kate is drawn into the investigation of the modern-day crime, and must revisit Del's original murder.
The body of a well-liked local historian is found half-buried under a drystone wall near the village of Helmthorpe, Swainsdale. Penny Cartwright, a beautiful folk singer with a mysterious past, a shady land-developer, Harry's editor and a local thriller writer are all suspects. A young girl, Sally Lumb, knows more than she lets on, and her knowledge could lead to danger.
The story is set approximately 10,000 years in the future, after civilization has expanded to inhabit countless worlds. Alex Benedict and his partner Chase Kolpath specialize in a new active type of space-archeology, involving the examination of abandoned bases and deserted space-craft in search of valuable items.
Vashti is a girl who says she cannot draw. When she tells her teacher, she says to "make a mark and see where it takes you" The Dot is also a film produced by Weston Woods Studios and FableVision. It was awarded the Carnegie Medal in 2006.
Snuff follows three men who are waiting to immortalize themselves into pornography history. Each chapter follows a different guy, as well as Sheila, the female wrangler who dictates who is the next to be filmed with Cassie Wright. As backgrounds, secrets, and would-be children start to appear, the tensions in the room start to rise.
 Twain expounds the view that Shakespeare of Stratford was not the author of the canon. The book opens with a scene from his early adulthood, where he was trained to be a steamboat pilot. Twain draws parallels and analogies from the pretensions of modern religious figures.
The novel is divided into two Times: Time I and Time II. Time I offers a description of prewar Beirut with Mounir wanting the female narrator of this section to write the script for his film. As Time I progress the violence that is mentioned as happening in Beirut escalates into what becomes the Lebanese Civil War. Time II is divided. into three sections with seven chapters each. One chapter in each section is devoted to relating the events surrounding the death of Sitt Marie Rose from the perspective of one of the narrators.
Arthur Mumby and his older sister Myrtle are invited to the Starcross hotel on a small and periodically barren asteroid. In the following night they are attacked by the Moobs, a species resembling animated black top hats, which take control of Jack's crew and other guests. Myrtle and Jack escape, but become lost in the deserts of prehistoric Mars. There, they encounter Delphine, a French secret agent determined to find her grandfather's wrecked ship and create an American-style republic.
Bazhell Bahanakson is an exchange hostage in Navahk. While taking the back way out of the palace to meet his friend Brandark, he hears screaming. When he investigates he finds a hradani woman named Hradani. He and Brandark agree to help her, her servant Rekah and her arms.
Young Portuguese Jesuit, Sebastião Rodrigues is sent to Japan to succor the local Church and investigate reports that his mentor, Fr. Cristóvão Ferreira, has committed apostasy. There they find the local Christian population driven underground. Security officials force suspected Christians to trample on fumie, which are crudely carved images of Christ.
This novel follows Jacky Faber upon her return to Boston. In her small sailboat, the Morning Star, she sneaks into port. The girls are taken onto a ship and learn Mr Harrison is a man named Colonel Bartholomew Simon. Jacky, Clarissa, and Dolley become leaders of their groups.
The play is set in ancient Rome in the time of the Decemvirate, from 451 to 449 BCE. Virginia's father Virginius is away commanding the army of Rome. Virginius confesses to Marcus Claudius that he lusts after Virginia. Marcus encourages Appius to exploit his power to obtain the girl.
A religious group seized a section of the planet Maske and named it Thaery. The Glints became notorious bandits, but were eventually subjugated. Some Glints took to sailing, and as "Sea Nationals", claimed sovereignty over the ocean. Jubal Droad, a young Glint man, goes on Yallow, a rite of passage into adulthood, traditionally spent wandering the land and tending the countryside.
Six Find-Outers investigate a robbery in a nearby house. The thief leaves only a few clues behind - enormous footprints, enormous glove prints, a strange criss-cross mark on the ground, and two torn pieces of paper. Only policeman Mr Goon and Colonel Cross have feet big enough to fit the footprints, and the thief cannot be either of them.
The Sheridan family is preparing to host a garden party. Laura is supposed to be in charge, but has trouble with the workers. The party is a success, and later Mrs. Sheridan decides it would be good to bring a basket full of leftovers to the Scotts' house. She summons Laura to do so.
The book narrates the first meeting between dwarven metalsmith, Flint Fireforge and a young Tanis Half-Elven. While working and living in his hometown of Solace creating jewelry, Flint receives a wondrous summons from the Speaker of the Sun, Solostran. Flint journeys to the fabled elven city of Qualinost, where he spends every Spring working on jewelry and projects.
In only their second outing, the Three Investigators are hired by a friend of their patron, Alfred Hitchcock, to find his missing parrot. The boys soon discover that the man's parrot was one of a group of seven, trained by their former owner to each repeat a specific message. The focus of the investigation shifts from finding the single lost parrot to discovering the secret behind these cryptic messages.
The year is 1894, and Arthur Conan Doyle is visiting America on a book tour with his brother, Innes. He is secretly investigating the disappearance of a number of holy books, on the orders of Lord Gladstone. Various characters meet each other along the way, all of them converging inexorably on the mysteriously named "New City"
The novel follows the life of a young Manchu girl named Orchid Yehonala. Orchid is eligible because she is Manchu and that her father was the rank of "Blue Bannerman" She is chosen as the Imperial consort of the fourth rank. Her official title is Lady of the Greatest Virtue. There are a total of 7 Imperial consorts, and over 3000 concubines.
Portis' novel is narrated by Mattie Ross, a thrifty, churchgoing older spinster distinguished by intelligence, independence and strength of mind. She recounts the story of her adventures many years earlier, when, at the age of 14, she undertook a quest to avenge her father's death at the hands of a drifter named Tom Chaney. She is joined on her quest by Marshal Reuben J. "Rooster" Cogburn and a Texas Ranger named LaBoeuf.
Ciske de Rat is the story of eleven year old lonely street child Ciske Vrijmoeth, who has no friends and is only called "the rat" The setting is in Amsterdam in the 1930s. In the third part of the book, Cis de man , C is now an adult soldier and fights against the German soldiers in World War II.
The story begins with the death of Napoleon, the original antagonist of Animal Farm. The animals of the farm, fearing what will become of them, learn that Snowball is alive and well. Snowball returns to the farm to encourage capitalism. A second windmill is soon built alongside the first, and the two are thenceforth known as the Twin Mills.
In Dark River's prologue, it is revealed that there are hidden caves beneath the moorland. Fallen Leaves, a mysterious cat not seen before in any of the books, enters this cave, meeting a misshapen, old ThunderClan medicine cat apprentice Jaypaw. He soon discovers that his mentor, Leafpool, is determined to save the apprentice's leg.
Capitalist Nigger: The Road to Success: A Spider Web Doctrine asserts that the Black Race, is a consumer race and not a productive race. The author is not afraid to use the word 'nigger' in both pejorative or stereotypic senses. "It is not what you call me, but what I answer to, that matters most"
The Hardy Boys help prepare for opening day of the new Bayport museum's dinosaur park. The teenage sleuths discover that a deadly, high-tech saboteur is out to put the museum out of business, forever. The Hardy Boys are back for a new series.
Nancy Drew is in Tucson to watch her friend George run in the Cactus Marathon. Among the entrants is Tasio Humada, a Tarahumara Indian from Mexico. Tasio is arrested for murder of a powerful logging baron. Nancy and the Hardys expose a tangle of greed, bribery, and corruption.
The novel takes place centuries in the future when humanity has colonized many star systems. Another race, the Duglaari or "Doogs" is slowly conquering human systems, herding the inhabitants into barren areas where they simply starve to death. A fleet commander called Palmer finds that a group of Solarians has contacted his superiors. He is sent on a mission to end the war. Along the way, he discovers that they are different from any people.
Graystripe is a warrior who was separated from his Clan, ThunderClan, after being kidnapped by humans trying to deforest his home. He is then taken in as a house cat by a Twoleg family but cannot stand to be away from the Clan and his fellow warriors. After a dream in which he is visited by his deceased mate, Silverstream, and his daughter Feathertail, Graystripe finally makes the decision to try to return toThunderClan.
Violence erupts at an anti-nuclear demonstration in Eastvale, leaving one policeman stabbed to death. At first there are over a hundred suspects, but then things narrow down to the people who live on Maggie's Farm. Inspector Banks finds his freedom hampered by the politically-motivated appointment of an old enemy, Detective Superintendent Richard Dirty Dick Burgess.
A faceless, maggot-ridden corpse is discovered in a tranquil, hidden valley above the village of Swainshead. The identity of the body is discovered, so is a possible connection with an unsolved murder in the same area five years ago. Among the annoyingly silent suspects are the Collier brothers, the wealthiest and most powerful family in Swainsdale.
The body of Caroline Hartley is found one evening before Christmas by her lover, Veronica Shildon. Detective Constable Susan Gay is the first detective at the scene. She has recently been promoted to C.I.D. and the case takes on overwhelming professional and personal importance for her.
Brenda Scupham's seven-year-old daughter, Gemma, is taken into care. When the couple fail to bring Gemma home, Brenda realizes she has made a terrible mistake. Detective Chief Inspector Banks begins to lose hope of finding Gemma alive. Then a rambler finds a body in the ruins of an old lead mine. The two cases begin to converge in a terrifying way.
Two masked gunmen tie up Alison Rothwell and her mother, take Keith Rothwell, a local accountant, to the garage of his isolated Yorkshire Dales farmhouse. Why? This is the question Detective Chief Inspector Alan Banks has to ask as he sifts through Rothwell's life. Only after he pits his job against his sense of justice does he discover the truth.
Deborah Harrison was last seen alive on her way home from school. Her body is found in the local cemetery. The murder terrorises the wealthy enclave of St Mary's, Eastvale. High-flying Chief Constable Jimmy Riddle puts pressure on the police. But Detective Chief Inspector Alan Banks is not convinced.
A teenager is found in an alley, smashed over the head with a bottle and then kicked to death. The victim, Jason Fox, was a member of a white power organization known as the Albion League. Detective Chief Inspector Alan Banks is mysteriously summoned to Amsterdam, where he is introduced to the bizarre world of cyber-Nazis on the Internet.
Detective Chief Inspector Alan Banks is brought in by his arch-enemy Chief Constable Jeremiah Jimmy Riddle. With the help of Detective Sergeant Annie Cabbot, Banks uncovers long-kept secrets. One former resident, now a writer, reveals her memories of Hobb's End, the village that died before the reservoir was built.
The novel concerns a series of vicious murders in Seville, and in turn these murders lead protagonist Falcon to look into the shady life of his deceased father. Falcon's investigations cause him to unearth shocking revelations about his father's past, and bring him to an emotional brink. The novel's structure is unusual, being told from the present perspective and also through a seriesof diary entries penned by Falcon's father.
Falcon, Sevillian Chief Inspector, works in the grinding July heat, with his reliable team, to investigate a series of local suicides. Suspecting that the first death could in fact be a murder, the team follow the links from deaths to political corruption, and abuse on an horrific scale. Hampered by the inevitable difficulties arising from international twists to his investigation, Falcon and his fellow detectives nevertheless manage to follow his hunches and insights to ultimate success.
Grimble is a boy of "about 10" who has parents that can be described as eccentric. He discovers that they have gone to Peru for a week leaving him with a fridge filled with bottles of tea, an oven filled with sandwiches and a tin full of sixpence pieces. Each day he visits a new address, though on each occasion his host is out.
In the turbulent aftermath of the French Revolution Napoleon Bonaparte is accused of treachery and corruption. Arthur Wellesley is on the other side of the world in India where British interests are under threat. Wellesley leads vast armies against a series of powerful warlords in campaigns that will result in the creation of the Raj.
Little Willy and his dog Searchlight find Willy's grandfather lying in bed. Doc Smith, the only doctor in town, tells Willy that his grandfather no longer wants to live. The next day Willy enters a dog sled race that has a reward of 500 dollars. Stone Fox, a Native American who doesn't talk to white people and has never lost a race, concedes the match to Willy.
The plot centers around the murder of the daughter of an Israeli diplomat. The murder seems exceptionally cruel, since the girl was developmentally disabled. It is only when they learn of a very cruel, self-righteous conspiracy that Milo and Alex start unravelling this very dark case.
Detective Chief Inspector Alan Banks has been stalled-and, in fact, very nearly destroyed-by the petty animosities of his politically ambitious senior officer Chief Constable Riddle. But when nude pictures of Riddle's runaway teenage daughter show up on a pornographic Web site, he turns to Banks for help. The trail leads Banks first to London's Soho, an area of strip clubs and sex shops, then to the upmarket Little Venice.
Two police officers answering a domestic call stumble on a scene of unbelievable horror. In the cellar of 35 The Hill, two people are dead, a third is dying, and behind a door more bodies lay buried. The dead, Banks learns, are not the only victims, and the murderer may not be the only person to blame.
Graham Marshall went missing during his paper round in 1965. His disappearance left his family shattered, and his best friend, Alan Banks, full of guilt. Chief Inspector Alan Banks is determined to bring justice for Graham. But he soon realises that in this case, the boundary between victim and perpetrator is becoming more and more blurred.
DCI Alan Banks is still in shock from his ex-wife's recent pregnancy. He welcomes the diversion of a fire on two houseboats on the old Eastvale canal. But two bodies are then found on board. The case soon widens with another fire, another death, the discovery of art fraud, paedophilia and incest.
Alan Banks receives a disturbing message from his brother, Roy. He abandons the peaceful Yorkshire Dales for the bright lights of London. Meanwhile, DI Annie Cabbot is called to a quiet stretch of road just outside Eastvale. In the victim's pocket, scribbled on a slip of paper, police discover Banks' name and address.
Inspector Alan Banks is investigating the murder of a freelance music journalist who was working on a feature about the Mad Hatters for MOJO magazine. Banks finds he has to delve into the past to find out exactly what hornets' nest the journalist inadvertently stirred up. This is not the first time that the now aging rock superstars have been brushed by tragedy.
DI Annie Cabbot, on loan to Eastern Area, gets lumbered with the case. Back in Eastvale, 19-year-old Hayley Daniels is found raped and strangled in the Maze. As Banks and Annie dig into the past, they find themselves also dealing with the emotional baggage and personal demons of their own relationship.
Helen Knightly spontaneously murders her mother, an agoraphobic now suffering from severe dementia. Over the next twenty-four hours, Helen recalls her childhood, youth, marriage, and motherhood. Her life and the omnipresent relationship with her mother rush in at her.
Rick Dockery is a third string NFL quarterback for the Cleveland Browns. He is cut from the team, vilified in the press, and is facing legal troubles due to a questionable paternity lawsuit. His agent Arnie manages to find him a starting position for the Parma Panthers of the Italian Football league.
Crafts's novel focuses on the experience of Hannah, a house slave. Hannah is taught to read and write by a kind old couple. Years later, Hannah's master hosts a large wedding. Hannah notices an unattractive old man subtly following her new mistress. Hannah and the mistress flee the plantation in the middle of the night, become lost, and stay the night in a gloomy shack.
Romelio is a prominent merchant of Naples. He mocks another merchant who has reached the age of 60 and amassed a fortune of only 50 thousand ducats. He is trying to arrange a marriage between Jolenta and Ercole, a Spanish noble who commands a fleet against the Ottoman Turks. The play delivers doses of Websterian bitterness against men, women, lawyers, and doctors.
 1945 depicts what could have happened if Japan's surrender in World War II had been successfully hijacked by extremists. Featured throughout the book includes the viewpoints of infighting among the Japanese officers responsible for the military coup of the Japanese government. The imprisonment and breakout of Hirohito, the vicious combat between Japanese and American soldiers on Kyushu and between the respective navies in the Pacific.
The novel is narrated in first person by numerous narrators and divided into three parts. The first section, "Mexicans Lost in Mexico", is told by 17-year-old aspiring poet, Juan García Madero. It centers on his admittance to a roving gang of poets who refer to themselves as the Visceral Realists. The book's second section is a polyphonic narrative which features more than forty narrators.
Jim finds Danny alive as the book opens but the living dead soon converge on their location. Frankie and Martin join Jim in the house and they are soon trapped in the attic. As they see Danny's neighbor in his panic room across the Ob is distressed that Jim is alive and escaping him, he begins to fantasize killing Martin and Jim.
Lief, Barda, and Jasmine leave the Lake of Tears, after they have retrieved the Ruby. They are now searching for the opal, which is located in Hira, or the City of the Rats. While travelling, they find signs which all have the word "Tom" written on it. They then find themselves in a trap that Thaegan's remaining eleven children had prepared.
The Wrongs of Woman is a novel about the imprisonment of a woman by her husband. The upper-class Maria is imprisoned in an insane asylum. She falls in love with a fellow inmate, Henry Darnford, through his marginalia. The novel also tells the story of Maria's own life.
Main character Nebu, a Kikuyu tribe member, leaves his Mau Mau people to hunt down a white man who is traveling in the African bush. After killing the white man, Nebu realizes that it was his old boss, an English planter. Nebu feels especially obligated to repay the boss, for having previously slept with his white wife. He decides to safeguard the boss' child, who is in truth, biologically his own, and return him to a white community.
Walter Faber recounts the events of his life during the 1930s. Faber meets an art student, Hanna, and the two become lovers. Hanna agrees to abort their child, and Faber and Hanna split up. He meets the German Herbert, who turns out to be the brother of Joachim, Faber's friend. Sabeth is his daughter.
The novel follows David Webb, alias Jason Bourne, as he works to find his old enemy, Carlos the Jackal. Webb sends his wife and children to live with his wife's brother, John St. Jacques, in the Caribbean for protection. Webb himself works with old friend and CIA agent Alexander Conklin.
Arthur returns to San Francisco after a self-imposed exile in Paris. He rediscovers his best friend, his job, and the city he loves. The one thing missing is Lauren, the woman he had sacrificed everything to save. But when fate intervenes, it is Lauren's turn to save Arthur.
The novel follows the lives of software developer James Travis and his daughter Roisín. Unknown to her, her father has been working as a spy. He witnesses the ethnic cleansing of Britain's Muslims and their migration to France. Other characters include a blogger who specialises in conspiracy theories, Mark Dark.
Mike Hook is the son of "Grandpa Pete" and "Grandma Helen" Pete Hook is shot down over Germany, survives, and spends several months in a prisoner-of-war camp. While he is Mike, who remains an only child, develops an interest in nature early in life. He meets Paula Campbell, who has come from London to study English Literature and Art.
Tender-Conscience, a native of the town of Vain Delights goes on the pilgrimage of Christian and Christiana to the Celestial City. He stops at some of the same places as they, but he encounters new places not. He is given a crutch that is made of wood from the Tree of Life. On either side of the cross were erected two houses as competing lodging places for pilgrims.
In the 'original' timeline, a global League of Nations oversees a planet totally at peace. The fledgling Nazi Party simply faded out after the 1923 Beer Hall Putsch. Many in the modern aristocracy, corporate dynasties, and others feel they have lost out because of the social transformations enabled by decades of peace and co-operation. This group come up with a plan to build a functional "time machine" and change history for their benefit.
The story revolves around two characters: magician Felix Harrowgate and thief Mildmay the Fox. They are tossed together by fate when Felix is accused of destroying the crystal Virtu, an orb which channels the magical energy of the magicians in Mélusine.
Felix Harrogate, having recovered from the abuse he suffered in Mélusine, is ready to regain the power and status that he lost. With his half-bother Mildmay and Mehitabel Parr, a young governess, he decides to return to the Virtu.
Annabel Greene is a girl who has it all - at least, that's how it seems on TV commercials. Her friendship with her best friend Sophie ended bitterly, leaving her alone and friendless at the beginning of a new school year. In the midst of her isolation, she meets Owen - a music obsessed, intense classmate who is determined to tell the truth.
A story of many Irish men and women from various backgrounds and how a teacher, Nora O'Donoghue , and an Italian evening class changes their lives. Each chapter deals with the life story of one or more students in the class. In a Dickensian way, they bump into each other and are affected by the decisions of those around them.
Ella Brady, a young science teacher, falls in love with a successful businessman. For some time she is happy with the torrid affair, until he is exposed as a corrupt swindler. Ella is disgraced and quits her teaching job to work more than 60 hours a week at Quentins restaurant.
Emilia Greenleaf is an attorney living in New York city with her husband, Jack Woolf. Emilia is stepmother to Jack's remarkably intelligent four-year-old son, William. William lives primarily with his mother, the medical doctor Carolyn Soule. It is Emilia's job to pick up William from his nursery school every Wednesday afternoon.
The Wide, Wide World is a work of sentimentalism based on the life of young Ellen Montgomery. The story begins with Ellen's happy life being disrupted by the fact that her mother is very ill. Ellen is sent to Scotland to live with her grandmother and uncle Lindsay and Lady Keith. In an unpublished chapter at the end of the book, Ellen returns to America as Mrs. John Humphreys.
Miles Kendrick suffers from Post-traumatic stress disorder and is in a witness protection program. When his psychiatrist is targeted and killed he feels somehow responsible and sets about trying to find out why she was killed. A constant companion is his best friend who he killed some time in the past.
Emilio Sandoz is in the process of healing from his experiences on Rakhat, detailed in The Sparrow. He is exposed to Father Vincenzo Giuliani's organized crime "family," the Camorra. The Society of Jesus and the rest of the Roman Catholic Church have all but vanished.
The story begins with Turnatt, an evil tyrant hawk and lord of Fortress Glooming. Two tribes are at war with each other, each accusing the other of stealing their eggs and food. The tribes make amends in time for the Bright Moon Festival, during which the Flying Willowleaf Theater arrive and help celebrate by telling the legend of Swordbird.
In RPGA1 Rahasia, the heroes seek to save a kidnapped elven maid. To do so they must enter the Temple of the Sacred Black Rock, break a curse, and capture the evil Rahib. In the revised module B7 Rahasia the adventures must save a group of kidnapped women held in the dungeons beneath a good elven temple taken over by an evil cleric.
The novel is divided into eight parts, with the first chapter taking the form of a narrative flashback to Abigail Gentian's early life. Each subsequent chapter is narrated from the first-person perspective of two shatterlings Campion and Purslane. After being tricked by Ateshga, Campion There was a vicious attack on the reunion world; an ambush in which the majority of the Gentian Line was wiped out.
The book is divided into seven sections, which alternate between Paul Atreides's youth before the events portrayed in Dune, and the early period of his Fremen jihad between Dune and Dune Messiah. After the fall of Padishah Emperor Shaddam Corrino IV and Paul's ascension to the Imperial throne, Paul's Fremen forces are engaged on multiple fronts.
Harry Dresden is Chicago's only consulting wizard. Father Vincent, a Vatican priest, hires Dresden to recover the stolen Shroud of Turin. Professor Ortega, a Red Vampire Duke, wants to kill him to end Michael Carpenter and two other Knights of the Cross, Shiro and Sanya, rescue him.
In Pharaoh, the player characters are driven into the desert for a crime they did not commit. The characters journey to the sunken city of Pazar, and from there they travel to the haunted tomb of an ancient pharaoh. While in Amun-Re's pyramid, the characters can use an item called the dome of flight to control or reverse gravity. Carelessness can cause them to fall upwards, and the palm trees in this room bear exploding fruit.
Apache Will Little Bear Tucker and his friend Sarah Thompson spot a treasure chest, get held captive by the villains and later escape. After Sarah is recaptured, Will rescues her, they solve the legend of Red Horse and Will disposes of a villain.  
Brett and Tom are playing the new virtual reality game, Rodomonte's Revenge, but when the computer infiltrates their minds the game transforms into something dangerously real. It was published on November 1, 1994 by Yearling.  It features Brett and Tom who are playing a new virtualreality game.
Silvio Luparello, an engineer, developer and aspiring politician from an aristocratic construction family dies of a heart attack while having sex with his nephew and lover Giorgio at his beach house. The nephew panics and, wanting to protect his uncle from the embarrassing circumstance of his death, calls his uncle's friend and political crony, Attorney Rizzo, for help. Instead of trying to help, he attempts to use his death to gain leverage over his political opponent, Secretary Cusumano.
Reason is 15 when a golem pulls her into New York. She calls Danny Galeano, Jay-Tee's eighteen year old brother, for help. Danny allows Reason to say with him while she tries to trace the golem. Her feelings for him grow until she eventually sleeps with him.
"The Land" follows the life of Paul-Edward Logan. Paul is the child of a white man and a black woman. The novel begins with Paul,when he is nine years old. The book is narrated from Paul's perspective, and quickly introduces his three brothers, his sister, and Mitchell Thomas.
Several years after Derek Tyler was incarcerated for slaughtering several prostitutes, another lady of the night is found dead under similar modus operandi. Could police be on the trail of a copycat killer, or are there even darker motives at work here? As Dr. Tony Hill investigates, he's drawn into a tangled web of degeneracy, psychosis and mind manipulation.
 Scarlet Feather explores familiar themes of family strife and responsibility, relationships and fledgling business ventures. One of the novel's main characters is Cathy Scarlet, who has married Neil Mitchell, son of the wealthy household where her mother Lizzie used to scrub floors. Younger characters are Neil's twin nephew and niece Simon and Maud who are in need of care.
The story starts when Ryan, Chelle and Josh are stranded without their bus fare. Josh climbs into an old wishing well and retrieves some blackened coins. Ryan has a vision of the well witch and understands from her gargled words that, because they took the coins, they are now in her service.
Guido's Fort is located at the end of a road, with only the River Shrill, a mile wide, separating it from "The Hill" In this scenario, the player characters must penetrate a cave labyrinth, which turns out to be a three-level dungeon where an army of goblins and hobgoblins is gathering.
The Veiled Society is set in the city of Specularum, where the players must determine which of three rival factions is responsible for a murder. The city is the capitol of the Grand Duchy of Karameikos, and the adventure involves the party in a struggle between the city's three major families.
Night's Dark Terror is a wilderness scenario for D&D 4th edition. The module is set in the area of Eastern Karameikos. It includes a number of mini-dungeons, a ruined city, a riverside village, a frontier town, and a lost valley.
The adventure follows a city buried in the desert. The city is torn between two warring factions. The characters discover that a monster known as Zargon was responsible for the downfall of Cynidicea. The monster still lives, and a cult of evil human priests has grown up around it.
In Queen's Harvest, the player characters must enter a dead wizard's lair to obtain the perilous objects he left behind. The characters become embroiled in royal politics as adventure progresses. The first half of the adventure presents a basic dungeon, while the second half offers an extended siege of an enemy stronghold.
The story picks up where the protagonist, Cugel the Clever, had been left at the end of The Eyes of the Overworld. The book is currently out of print in its original form, but is included in the omnibus collection, Tales of the Dying Earth. An earlier sequel, A Quest for Simbilis by author Michael Shea, was published in 1974.
At age 16, Collier had become friends with Abbie Hoffman, then moved to live first on a commune and later a Divine Light Mission ashram. The book describes her initiation to the Techniques of Knowledge of Guru Maharaj ji and her experiences in the organization. Collier: "At the ashram, we did things like staying up all night and meditating, things that taught us how to focus our minds"
The Hardy boys go on a cruise to sail in the Caribbean. This cruise was being sponsord by a magazine called Teenway. The cruise was the location of a contest of teen detectives trying to solve fake crimes. Joe and Frank were called in as judges. But things don't go right when a suspicious character goes off and creates havoc.
The Hardy Boys go to a sports facility in Bayport. They see many competing, but they find out about a mysterious figure creating 'accidents' Now they must find him before more accidents happen. The Hardy Boys are on BBC2 at 9pm on Wednesday, November 14.
Biff Hooper, Phil Cohen, and Chet Morton go with the Hardy Boys on a hike up the Appalachian Trail. The boys go to Morgan's Quarry, the nearest town, for help, and find a bag of cash in the middle of the road. The Hardy Boys must find the owner, or face death.
Cody Chang, an animal collector, calls on the Hardy Boys to investigate the ransacking of the store he owns. The Hardy Boys must find out who is trying to break his business down, before it does. They must also find out why the store was ransacked in the first place.
Lief, Jasmine, and Barda are on their way to the Shifting Sands from the City of the Rats when they spot an Ak-Baba in the sky. They decide to steal and eat from an apple farm owned by an eccentric old woman known as Queen Bee. Queen Bee reveals that she is not actually a fragile old woman, but a dangerous threat because of the bees that she hides under her shawl. The trio are promptly chased off by her deadly bees for stealing. After some time on the road, they reach the town of Rithmere and start hearing about a competition. They attempt to enter, but there is an entrance fee of one silver coin and they have no money whatsoever.
Cornelia Weding has lived with a terrifying and inexplicable memory since the age of five. Anna Weding, 24, is Cornelia's elder sister. Her and a lieutenant Sofus Hallgren are seeing each other. Pontus has grew up the lamppost. Jon, 29, a neighbour boy from childhood of Cornelia and her secret love.
Hughes' third and final novel was left unfinished, realizing that he was unlikely to see it published. The novel opens in 1923. The second novel in the trilogy, The Wooden Shepherdess, was published in 1973. It carries on the story to 1934 and the Night of the Long Knives.
Darren, Alice Burgess, and Vancha would have to prepare for a break in at the stadium to save their friends and the Cirque performers. Darren revealed his true identity to Annie, his sister. Darren blooded Darius so he wouldn't have to kill as a Vampaneze. Darren's soul then goes to the Lake of Souls, where his soul is caught by Evanna.
The story begins with Mordred and Agravaine, both discontent. Their views are not shared by Gawaine, Gareth, or Gaheris. Lancelot rescues Guinevere as she is about to be burned. Arthur then returns to England to stop Mordred. On the eve of battle, in a state of semi-consciousness, he remembers Merlin's lessons.
Inspector Montalbano must track down a lost financial manager who seems to have absconded with all of his clients money. Along the way, he encounters a lovelorn secretary who believes her boss could do no wrong. In this episode, he meets a woman who believes she can do nothing wrong.
In 1512, it is decided that Mary will be sent first to the court of Archduchess Margaret of Austria and then to the French court as maid-in-waiting to Louis XII's English wife, Mary Tudor. Although this decision leaves her mother, Elizabeth devastated, Mary is keen in working towards pleasing her father and advancing the Boleyns in society. Mary grows to love her mistress, the Queen, and the two form a special companionship when the ailing Louis XII dismisses the other English ladies-in.-waiting from court.
Pity is Not Enough follows the Trexler's history after the American Civil War and before World War I. While the main narrative focuses on the TreXler family, the chronology is often disrupted by inter-chapters focusing on Victoria's childhood. Victoria recalls her mother, Catherine, telling the story of her unfortunate brother Joe.
In Mill Valley, the children have been dispatched to various homes for the holiday. Only one child, Ivy, is overlooked and sent to an infants' orphanage. Ivy suggests that she could instead go to her "grandma's house" but she has no grandmother. A beautiful new Christmas doll named Holly is standing in the display window of Mr. Blossom's toy store, wishing for a little girl to come and take her home.
The Overlook reunites Bosch with his most recent former flame, FBI agent Rachel Walling. Bosch must break in a new and much younger partner, Ignacio "Iggy" Ferras. Evidence mounts that the murder is part of a terrorist plot to build and deploy a dirty bomb.
"Contexts" looks at Ragged Dick through the lenses of 1860s New York and Alger's own life there. The text is based on the 1868 first book edition, annotated for student readers. "Ragged Dick" is about a 14-year-old bootblack who tries to grow up.
Uhtred is serving Alfred, King of Wessex, by building one of the fortified towns that will make up Alfred's system of defense against attacks by the Danes. He learns that two powerful Norse leaders have occupied nearby London, giving them the ability to interfere with traffic on the Thames to and from Wessex. Torn between his oath to Alfred, whom he dislikes, and the temptation to become a king in his own right, he follows Haesten to London.
Alison O'Sullivan, the twins' rather silly cousin, meets and befriends Angela, who is rich, beautiful and well dressed. Alison is completely under the spoilt, snobbish Angela's thumb. The new Matron's daughter Eileen is a reserved girl who is later identified as a sneak.
Pop. 1280 is the first-person narrative of Nick Corey, the listless sheriff of Potts County, the "47th largest county in the state" The narrative suggests that Sheriff Nick's tale dates to the Russian Revolution in 1917. Early chapters are related in comic style representative of farce rather than hard-boiled crime fiction.
As a child, Sherine Khalil shows a strong religious vocation and reports seeing angels and saints. She grows into a woman in search of answers to many questions that arise within a person. In her quest, she opens her heart to intoxicating powers and becomes a controversial spiritual leader in London.
After her only daughter Amy suffers a crib death, Emily takes up running as a way to deal with her pain. Emily's life becomes quite simple-she eats plain meals and runs for miles every day. The only person Emily regularly contacts is Deke Hollis, an old friend of her father who runs the drawbridge on the island.
The story begins with 24 year old Jean Isbel in the last stages of a multi-week trip from Oregon to the frontier in Arizona. As he nears his destination he meets a woman in the woods, and falls in love at first sight. She is, Ellen Jorth, and her family is locked in a deadly feud with his.
The narrative begins with Alciphron's election to the leadership of the "school" or "sect" of Epicurus. He has a flash of insight indicating to him that "eternal life" awaits him in Egypt. He travels there and undergoes various adventures including initiation into the mysteries of the state religion.
In 1993, Harry Bosch and his partner Jerry Edgar caught the Marie Gesto case. Marie was a young equestrian who went missing. Her car and clothing turned up in a garage but her body was never found. Bosch had retired from the LAPD and worked as a private investigator for three years.
The novel, like all in the Skinner series, is set in Edinburgh. It features, Detective Chief Superintendent Bob Skinner and his assistant Detective Inspector Andrew Martin. The book also introduces us to Skinner's future wife, Dr Sarah Grace, an American physician who works with the police force.
Constantia and Josephine's father, the Colonel, died last year. Nurse Andrews, whom they invited to stay for a week after the Colonel died, is annoying them by overeating. They consider sending their father's watch to their brother, Benny, but are concerned that there is no postal service there.
Lottie and Kezia are on their way home from the removal. They are greeted by the grandmother and Aunt Beryl. Linda is sent to the blooming garden to look at an aloe. The girls play to be grown-ups, until Pip and Rags arrive.
Stanley Burnell goes for a swim early morning, and Jonathan Trout is there. The Samuel Josephs children are said to be rowdy and they don't play with them any more. Aunt Beryl is worried about being single and growing old alone. Harry Kember turns up and asks her for a walk.
Henry is a young man in London. He meets a girl on a train and they start talking like old friends. They visit a house and decide to rent it. Then Henry receives a telegram, and things fall apart. The story ends with Henry and the girl leaving London together.
The play is set among the contemporary merchant class of London in its own era. The merchant and moneylender Pisaro has three half-English daughters. The daughters face two trios of suitors, one foreign and one domestic. In the end, as the title indicates, the Englishmen win their brides.
The Diamond brothers are thrown into an extremely hazardous and risky adventure involving MI6 and their chase for Charon. Charon is the code name of an assassin, the head of a gigantic murder organization. The boys' later find out what Jake McGuffin said was 'Sotheby's, Tsar's Feast'
The story is told from Eva's first-person point of view, with some sections narrated from Rolf Carlé's point of views. The book's narrator tells us at the beginning that he is the man Eva will fall in love with and marry. Rolf grows up in Eastern Europe with a sadistic father who returns from the war and regularly torments and humiliates his wife.
Martha asks the Doctor about the Starship Brilliant, which mysteriously disappeared. He agrees to investigate, but the TARDIS crashes on arrival and Martha is knocked out. She wakes in the ship's engine room, where she and the Doctor are taken to a pirate ship. Badger pirates board the ship, capture Martha, and shoot Dashiel and Captain Georgina. The pirate ship destroys the Brilliant on Captain Everyone who died is brought back to life.
The book tells the story of Victoria Cope, following her experience of hosting a home child - an orphan from England sent to Canada by Barnardo's. The Copes end up with a girl one year older than Victoria, named Marianna Wilson. She tells Victoria about her life in England, and as they become friends Victoria becomes more aware of some of the discrimination that Marianna faces.
Clark Kent is interviewed by the local Sheriff over the death of a wanted man. Clark and his father, Jonathan Kent, know the real story: he shot Clark, and the bullet bounced off Clark's Willi Berg is a member of the WPA in Smallville. He meets Clark, a reporter for the Smallville Herald Progress.
The story concerns Arthur, a young boy suffering from cerebral palsy, abandoned in a grim hospital in the north of England. Esther, a keenly intelligent teenager who also suffers from CP but whose talents are recognised in these enlightened days. They are linked by the Skallagrigg; whatever or whoever it is will transform their lives.
Beatrice Lacey is the daughter of the Squire of Wideacre, an estate situated on the South Downs. At the age of eleven, Beatrice's dreams are shattered when her father tells her that Harry will inherit the estate and she will make a good marriage and leave. With the loss of first her beloved Papa, and then her lover, Ralph, something inside Beatrice dies. She becomes more callous, manipulative and ruthless.
Tamar, the king of the fictional realm of Sundari, is rudely awoken by the procession of a passing maharajah. Tamar loses the roll; therefore, his life is Jaya's to do with as Jaya sees fit. As a kshatriya, Tamar is honor-bound to make good on the debt he owes to Jaya.
The plot concerns a man and woman consummating to have a child. A band of Siberian hunters pursues game across Beringia during the last Ice Age. Spurred by a vision he had while on a hunt, a young tribesman named Runs in Light, later called Wolf Dreamer, leads a handful of tribespeople.
South Park and Philosophy: Bigger, Longer, and More Penetrating also addresses issues of applied ethics. The book is organized into five sections by topic, which include "Religion and Other Disabilities," "Politics and Other Sacred Cows," "Morality and Other Urges" and "Humor and Other Insertable Devices"
Jenny Humphrey has attended some crazy parties at Waverly Academy, but none as hot as the bash at Miller farm. Callie is petrified she and Easy both will get kicked out, because they were in the barn together when the blaze began. Jenny admits into setting the barn on fire just because she can't take everyone's accusations, dirty looks, and rumors.
The Secret of the Sirens takes place in the southern regions of a fictional Great Britain in the seaside town of Hescombe. Here we meet 11-year-old Connie Lionheart, who is left in care by her parents to her Aunt, Evelyn. Connie discovers that she has an amazing power, and she, together with her friends, have to try to save the creatures from the threat of exposure.
14-year-old Lauren Matthews lives in London with her adoptive parents and their son, Rory. She is adopted from Marchfield Adoption Agency in Vermont, USA. She finds out information about her adoption is in her adoptive mother's diaries. Lauren meets an old woman named Bettina, who used to babysit Lauren when she lived in the flat with Sonia.
The book is based around the German fairy tale of Briar Rose. The story is told by "Gemma", an elderly woman, to her three granddaughters. The book is divided into two parts, the "home" and the "castle" The ending is part of the " home" section, returning after the castle.
A young boy called Michael,travels with his parents around the world on the yacht Peggy Sue after his parents lose their jobs at the brickworks. Michael's parents teach him what he would have normally learnt at school and he has a secret log that he writes in. He is on lookout one night when Michael and his dog Stella Artois are washed overboard, near Papua New Guinea. They awake to discover that they are stranded on a desert island that is shaped like an elongated peanut in the Pacific Ocean. To his surprise, he learns that an elderly Japanese man called Kensuke is also living on the island.
Ex-pro Arthur bets his life savings with Reg Welch that he can train any team to beat them. However, the 'Wheatsheaf Arms' can only muster a side of four whose pride lies in their unbroken record of defeat. The pitifully unfit set of men have to accept the help of a coach, who just happens to be a woman.
This module expanded significantly upon the plot of the original Tomb of Horrors. Acererak is revealed to be near the completion of a multi-thousand-year project to achieve godhood, powered by souls consumed over the years. He now needs only three additional souls to complete the process, but they must be of exceptional purity and strength.
Beggars' Bush is set seven years after a fictional war between Flanders and Brabant. The rightful royal family, including Gerrard and his daughter Jaculin, have fled. Gerrard has adopted a masquerade as Claus, who is elected king of the beggars. The play's plot shows the working-out of these complexities and the restoration of the rightful rulers.
The book is about Braverman Shaw, whose father, Dexter Shaw, is killed by an explosion. His father was a member of the Gnostic Observant, a group of people who possess a very old secret of Jesus Christ. Bravo has to find the secret and keep it hidden from the Knights of Saint-Clemens.
Lord Emsworth is visiting America for the wedding of his niece Veronica to millionaire Tipton Plimsoll. He finds himself ill at ease, chafed by his son's new-found self-confidence. When a young girl calls at the door selling richly bound encyclopaedias of Sport, he invites her in to make them for him.
Sons From Afar is the story of brothers James and Sammy. James is now 15 and wondering about his missing father. Sammy is uninterested in the man who abandoned their mother and his four children. The Tillerman children's grandmother, Gram took them in at the end of Homecoming, the first book in the cycle.
Author Ellery Queen is invited to a house party over the Christmas holiday period. A wealthy young man is about to come into a large inheritance on his imminent birthday. In the days leading up to his birthday, a number of strange little gifts are left anonymously for him, one, two or three daily, together with some cryptic notes describing them.
Kendra finds a kobold, that has infiltrated her eighth grade. Seth must get a magical item from a mortuary that is age protected from 13 and older. If the artifact falls into the wrong hands, it could mean the downfall of other preserves and possibly the world.
Gracie Kenzie has never known her father - he disappeared when she was three and was never heard from again. Now, two years after her mother's death, he's back... with some dark secrets in tow. His and Gracie's histories are mysteriously tied to the disappearance of a student many years ago... and may also be linked to a much more recent death.
George Barton Baxter, the successful CEO of a New York textile house, is returning to his Park Avenue apartment from work one mid-October evening. His thoughts turn to the onset of cooler weather, which will bring Christmas around once again. He considers the economic impact on his personal finances grimly, and upon arriving home, he takes a short rest.
Grace Bradley, 98, was a maid at Riverton Manor during the 1920s. For years Grace has hidden a terrible secret. She decides to make a tape for her grandson, Marcus, sharing her secret. It is later revealed that Grace is a half-sibling to the children.
Freddie Threepwood is back at Blandings on Dog-Joy business. His wife Aggie, finding country life a little dull, has headed to the French Riviera. Freddie has befriended Valerie Fanshawe, in hopes of persuading her father to invest in Freddie's dog biscuits for his pack of hounds.
Emily and Sarah Grimes are sisters who share little in terms of character but much in termsof disappointment with their lives. Emily, the more intellectual and cosmopolitan of the two, seeks love in numerous disappointing affairs. Sarah, the prettier and more conventional sister, marries young and bears children to an uncouth and abusive husband.
A seemingly shy and humble country boy named Luther Sellers is discovered to have a magnificent voice and mesmerizing stage presence. He is given the stage name Stag Preston and after a short time on the "Chittlin' Circuit" becomes a major rockabilly music star. Stag's growing megalomania eventually has him treating everyone around him like dirt and becoming harder and harder to work with.
Ophelia is taken to Elsinore Castle to rejoin her unknown father. She becomes torn between her love for Prince Hamlet and for the pirate Ragnor. She soon finds herself involved in a plot to kill the queen and take her place. Eventually, it seems that only madness is the way to save those she loves.
Duke Rodgaud-cousin of Bertold, castle in Forojuli, starts a rebellion against King Carolus. He is executed by the Franks in Papia, summer, 776. Angilperta is loved by the three Lupigi boys. She cannot be found during the rebellion, but becomes post-rebellion the wife of the Lord of East Burgundy, Gunderic.
A graphic novel for the second book in the series, The Arctic Incident, was created and released in 2009. The plot is the same as that of the book, though there were some modifications to minor facts. The graphic novel does not contain many word balloons, showing each character's story in first-person. The third book, The Eternity Code, is set for release in 2012.
The adventure concerns the lich Vecna and his disembodied hand and eye. Vecna has ascended to demigod status, and serves as the ultimate foe for the adventurers in the module. Assuming the players are successful in defeating Vecna, he is transported to and imprisoned within the Ravenloft campaign setting.
In 1892, cowboy Old Red is read a Sherlock Holmes story "The Red-Headed League" by his brother Big Red. He decides to follow in his new hero's footsteps, by using logic and observation to solve mysteries. As the mystery gets deeper and the bodies start to mount, the brothers learn that there is more to solving crimes then simply following the clues.
The novel is told from the perspective of an adult called Christopher Nix. It recounts the story of his family's move to Florida from New Orleans when he was four. The purpose of their move is so that his father can open a tourist attraction that exhibits every breed of dog recognised by the American Kennel Club.
Unidentified corpse discovered at the edge of the Jicarilla Apache natural gas field in the San Juan Basin. Navajo Tribal Police Sergeant Jim Chee in a mystery involving diverted oil and gas revenues, abandoned pipelines, Washington D.C. insiders, and illegal drugs. Border Patrol Officer Bernadette Manuelito photographs a suspicious construction crew on the Tuttle exotic game ranch.
Lionel, a housecat given the power of speech by the magician Stephanus, begs his master to turn him into a man. After many objections concerning the depravity of humans, Stephanus relents; and the transformed Lionel begins his adventures to town of Brightford.
In the main plot of the Heywood/Brome play, an upright and hospitable gentleman named Generous discovers that his wife has a secret nocturnal life. The conventional male-dominated relationship between husband and wife is subverted as Mistress Generous seeks greater freedom &mdash. It is with the discovery and prosecution of the witches that society's norms are restored.
The novel takes place in the imaginary West African country of Kangan, where a Sandhurst-trained officer, identified only as Sam, has taken power following a military coup. Achebe describes the political situation through the experiences of three friends: Chris Oriko, the government's Commissioner for Information, Beatrice Okoh, an official in the Ministry of Finance and girlfriend of Chris.
The Gift begins with Maerad, in "Gilman's Cot" as a slave, where she has been for many years, with few memories of her former life. She is discovered by Cadvan, one of the great mystics known as 'Bards', who reveals to her that she, like him, possesses "the Gift" by which she is able to command nature to do her will. Cadvan soon discovers that her mother was the leader of the First Circle of the destroyed School of Pellinor.
An old man is disoriented in an unknown chamber and has no memory about who he is or how he has arrived there. Determining that he is locked in, the man - identified only as Mr. Blank - begins reading a manuscript he finds on the desk, the story of another prisoner, set in an alternate world.
In order for capitalism to generate greater profits than the home market can yield, the merging of banks and industrial cartels produces finance capitalism. In turn, such financial behaviour leads to the division of the world among monopolist business companies and the great powers. Therefore, imperialism is the highest stage of capitalism, requiring monopolies and the exportation of finance capital to sustain colonialism.
The novel follows the career of a young officer, Harry Penrose, written from the viewpoint of a close friend who acts as narrator. Penrose is presented in a glowing light throughout - "never anything but modest and dutiful" - but, ultimately, is failed by the system. He faces his trial honestly, without pleading circumstances but it is clear that whilst he is strictly guilty of the charge justice, by any sense of the word, had not been done to him.
The play is a drama concerning racial prejudice involving Mrs. Jacoby, a Jewish widow from Brooklyn, New York, and Koichi Asano, a millionaire widower from Tokyo. The 1959-60 Broadway production was directed by Dore Schary and ran for 3 previews and 556 performances, with Gertrude Berg, Cedric Hardwicke, and Ina Balin.
Frisk is narrated by Dennis, who had a troubled childhood. In 1989, Julian receives a letter from Dennis describing how he embarked on a sadistic killing spree in Amsterdam. The descriptions in the letter are explicit and the torture and sadism are described in graphic terms. Dennis then meets up with two Germans, tells them what he has done and they join forces to commit a series of random, motiveless murders.
Mortimer is determined to believe that his friend has been forced to act against his will. But the initial investigations sweep away this hypothesis. Blake has opened, under an assumed name, an account fed by payments coming from the Bahamas. In a few months, he has withdrawn more than 10 times his annual pay.
An experimental Soviet satellite crash lands in Siberia carrying with it an incredibly lethal virus. KGB scientist Dr. Voronov, a Stalin admirer, along with Olrik plans to use the virus as a biological weapon to overthrow the Soviet government and conquer the West. After the plot is discovered by a British spy, Blake and Mortimer travel to the Soviet Union to stop Vor onov.
A Colorado farmer sees three strange coloured beams of light appearing from the sky. When he goes to investigate the lights have disappeared and left behind the body of a man dressed in the uniform of a British Redcoat. The body is taken to Lachlan Macquarrie was found guilty in absentia of desertion and dishonourably discharged from the army. According to a pathologist, he died of asphyxiation. His shoulder strap was inscribed with the words "Yellow King
Susanna is beautiful, exciting, and every man's dream. To Norman Fuller, a shy and lonely young man, her beauty is too much to bear. After an emotionally draining conversation, Susanna forgives Fuller for his hurtful words, and the two end the night on friendlier terms.
Maerad and Cadvan have returned to Innail. Maerad has realised that she has been carrying the runes of the Treesong with her the whole time - on her lyre. She is able to locate the Landrost's attacks, and the bards of Innail are able to hold it back. After witnessing much destruction and facing near-death, Maersad merges into her Elidhu Hem.
A massive series of powerful earthquakes on a worldwide scale reduce towns and cities to rubble and plunge the survivors into barbarism. Most of western Europe is dramatically uplifted, transforming the English Channel into a muddy desert. The protagonist is a Guernsey horticulturalist who finds himself one of only a handful of survivors on the former island.
The novel presents a seemingly straightforward history of the Long March, as well as a fictionalized interview with Mao. The novel also includes a large selection of unattributed quotes from various sources and parodies of certain writers, including Faulkner, Hemingway, and Kerouac.  The novel has no linear plot, and is mostly composed of an elaborate arrangement of disparate elements.
This novel is a fictionalised biography of Charles Joseph Carter. The main character, Carter, is followed through his career, from his first encounter with magic to his last performance. Along the way he encounters many historical figures, including fellow magicians Harry Houdini and Howard Thurston.
The novel centers around the modern-day recollections of the unnamed narrator/protagonist of his time spent in an Arctic gulag. The recollections are presented in the form of a memoir sent to the narrator's American stepdaughter, Venus. One of the primary plot elements is the complex relationship between the protagonist and his younger half-brother.
Mysterious prophecy from the future shapes the destiny of a family through four centuries of the Roman occupation of Britain. Begins in 4 BC and incorporates such later events as the building of Hadrian's Wall and an attempted assassination of Constantine I. Ends in AD 418. 
The story begins with the revelation that Wulfgar, half brother to both Tristan and Shailiha, lives but it horribly scarred. He returns to the Citadel, where his wife and unborn child await, and he can plan his revenge. Meanwhile the Orb of the Vigors is damaged and is literally burning a path across Eutracia.
Mary Jack is in the foster home of a conscientious but clueless Episcopal priest, Father Matt, and his selfish troubled wife Jill. Also in their care is the silent Jane, a young girl who had been abused. Matt sends the children and his sister to live in a cabin in the mountains, supposedly with the help of a mean housekeeper who abandons them.
Olivia is inclined to stay and help their father, who is ill. But Victoria needs her the most when her marriage seems to be failing. It is not helped by Charles's 10-year-old son, Geoffrey. Geoffrey is still distraught after losing his mother Susan, Charles' first wife.
Twins Geir and Ivar, sons of a Viking chieftain in Newfoundland, America, in a Norse colony started by Leif the Lucky. Their whale tooth -protected in a big sack- becomes a magic item, the unicorn. Meanwhile, in Italy, Juvalos Gerakis, the Finnish- or Greek-born Count of Sinetra in Calabria and his current wife, countess Aurelia, another Finno-Byzantine noble, rescue Aurelia's daughter Constanzia from a bad marriage.
The story is set at Willoughby Chase, a grand but remote home. Bonnie's parents are taking a holiday in warmer climates touring the Mediterranean by ship. Also due to arrive is Bonnie's orphan cousin Sylvia. The adventure ends on a scary note - the girls are chased by the ever-present wolves.
Tyler Miller goes from a nobody to a popular high school senior after he gets arrested for doing graffiti on the school. Tyler ends up with one of the most popular girls at school named Bethany Milbury, who is also Tyler's dad's boss's daughter. After attending a wild high school party with her, Tyler Miller finds himself as the prime suspect in a scandal involving Bethany.
Dr Slade and his wife travel to an unnamed Latin American country. They share a room with an important looking lady who tells them she is going to visit her son. The lady is murdered with an injection of curare, but when the Slades leave very early the next morning to catch a connection, Mrs Slade erroneously believes the woman lying next to her is still fast asleep.
This is an edited edition of the travel journals of the traveller, Fanny Parkes who was in India from 1822 to 1846. Dalrymple edited Parkes's book, Wanderings of a Pilgrim in Search of the Picturesque. He wrote the introduction in which he challenged some of the preconceptions of academic studies of travel writing.
Dalrymple's sixth book, and second to reflect his long love affair with Delhi. Won praise for its use of "The Mutiny Papers", which included previously ignored Indian accounts of the events of 1857. It won the 2006 Duff Cooper Memorial Prize for History and Biography, and the 2007 Vodafone Crossword Book Award.
Skylar Deacon is struggling with many things in her life. She's struggling with a secret tragedy that has been damaging her family for three years. Skylar finds help in her strong grandmother, kind priest-counselor, and later her new friends Tasha, Naomi, Margaret, D.J., and Shawn.
The Ingalls family leaves their home on the Kansas prairie and moves to Minnesota. Pa trades his horses Pet and Patty to the property owner for the land and crops. The family goes through hard times when grasshoppers decimate the much-anticipated wheat crop. The book ends with Laura's Pa returning safely to the house after becoming lost near their home during a severe four-day blizzard.
The book begins where the second book left off. Kendra and Seth helped save Fablehaven from the Society of the Evening Star. Seth discovers that someone, or something, has released a plague. Creatures of light are transformed into creatures of darkness. The Fairy Queen destroys her shrine to make a pebble filled with light energy to help save the plague. Someone must touch the pebBLE to the nail and the plague will be reversed.
Mo Singleton grows up in rural Sussex as the only child of John Singleton, a scientist and university lecturer, and Marjorie, a housewife. Following in his footsteps, Mo studies biology and moves to London, where she gets a job at a university. She enjoys teaching first-year students, especially challenging their faulty assumptions about nature.
A year has passed since Artur and Thomas declared their love for Fred and then left. Since then, Fred has been passing her days by working at the aquarium and being annoyed by Jonas and Dr. Barb's relationship. Fred is surprised to discover two Undersea Folk requesting her presence at the Pelagic. She discovers the identity of her biological father as well as makes a decision between Artur or Thomas.
Ken Blake is approached by an old friend, Dean Halliday, who tells the story of his family estate, Plague Court. The house is haunted by the ghost of the original owner, Louis Playge, a hangman by profession. Halliday invites Blake and Chief-Inspector Humphrey Masters to Plague Court to take part in a seance, run by psychic Roger Darworth and his medium Joseph. However, Darworth is a fake, being monitored by the police. Darworth locks himself in a small stone house, behind Plague Court, while the seance proceeds.
A King and No King is a play by the French playwrights Thierry and Theodoret. It is the story of Arbaces, King of Iberia, who falls in love with his sister Panthea. The play depicts his struggle against his incestuous passion.
When Carl's mother, Kerry, disappears, he and his brother, Harley, are sent to Wattle Beach to live with their aunt Beryl. Carl is initially withdrawn; he does not convey his worries about his missing mother, nor the anxiety that he feels over his rebellious younger brother. During the course of the novel he learns to "open up" and share his feelings with those who care about him.
Tracy's mum, Carly, appears out of the blue, saying she wants her back. Tracy is allowed to stay with her for a weekend, where her mum showers her with expensive gifts. However, when she goes to her mother's for a second time, her mother leaves her on her own for hours and hours while she attends a karaoke night. Tracy runs away, eventually choosing to live with Cam, who has always taken care of her.
In a small town, early on a Saturday morning, a bus is about to leave the small square to go market in the next town nearby. A gunshot is heard and the figure running for the bus is shot twice in the back. The passengers and bus driver deny having seen the murderer. A Carabinieri captain from Parma, Bellodi, gets on the case, ruffling feathers in his contemporaries and colleagues alike.
As a poor sharecropper, Grange is virtually a slave. The more he works, the more money he ends up owing to the man who owns the fields he works and the house he lives in. Eventually life becomes too much for him and he runs away from his debts to start a new life up North.
Survivor is the second book in the Jurassic Park series. It is written by Eric Hildebrand, who is stranded on Isla Sorna after his new boyfriend dies. The book reveals some interesting things about InGen, Jurassic Park and its dinosaurs, and also about the main character, Eric.
Alan Grant has become part of a UN project to protect the dinosaurs of Isla Sorna. A group of teenagers led by 18 year old Simon Tunney lands in the island and try to film a movie about the island, so that they will become celebrities. Simon is obsessed with becoming a rich celebrity, even if that means to endanger his peers.
The story is told partially from the animal's point of view. The Pteranodons are attracted by the lakes in the park and decide to stay there. They wreak havoc and injure people by flying off with them and throwing them to the water. Alan and Eric try to capture them to get them back to the island.
Rumours say that Immanuel Kant is about to release another book. This book will examine the concept of serial killers. Meanwhile the German city of Königsberg is gripped by a series of murders. Prosecutor Hanno Stiffeniis is ordered by King Frederick William III to investigate the crimes and bring the murderer to justice.
Tension is rising at the Pennykettles' as Lucy is suddenly kidnapped by a long forgotten rival. This 'rival' wishes to raise the ancient dragon Gawain from his stone-laden resting place. David and Zanna are unaware of what is happening back at home with Gretel, Zanna's new dragon.
The book opens with a short chapter about how the Earth, Gaia, is beginning to get restless. It then goes to explain Zanna's sadness about David being gone. Zanna is living with the Pennykettles in David's old room. She bought a New Age shop called the Healing Touch. Lucy sneaks into her shop one night, and steals a Ingavar.
Gryllus, the talking pig, must save the world from utter destruction. Gryllus was once a member of captain Odesseus' famous crew. He was transformed into a pig by the enchantress Circe. The Pig Scrolls is set in Ancient Greece.
Fergus Reith is the main Terran tour guide on Krishna. He is sent north on an errand to Ruz, where he is unexpectedly imprisoned. A Terran gone native abducts Alicia and Cassie Norris. Fergus finds himself leading a rescue expedition. Stavrakos manages to skip planet without paying Fergus and Alicia what is owed them.
Alex Cross is a psychologist who works with the DC police department. He also works with a sex-crazed woman and a war-veteran. Alex is nicknamed 'DCAK' by the murderer of Matthew Walker. DCAK is doing a role-play as every time he kills someone, he has a different alter-ego.
Julia Foster gets a chance to break away from her domineering mother for a while. She meets Luke, a boy whose fate is tied to the girl in ways he doesn't want to explain. Julia must find the strength to make decisions about herself, her mother, and Luke.
The book follows three main characters, Miss Celeste Temple, Cardinal Chang, and Dr. Abelard Svenson, as they attempt to thwart a mysterious plot. There are ten chapters in the book, and each is from the point of view of one of the main characters.
The Kwimper family of Cranberry County, New Jersey is on a vacation when their car runs out of gas. While waiting for assistance to arrive they set up shacks on the side of the road to live out of. The novel revolves around the family's comical battles with the government, as they establish their lives on the squatted land.
The story tells of Prince Tristan, as he is summoned by the Heretics to join them beyond the Tolenka Mountains. It is there they promise to help him discover his destiny. Meanwhile Serena plots her revenge against those who worship the Vigors. She personally plans to kill Tristan for the death of her husband Wulfgar and their stillborn daughter, Clarice.
It has been six years since entertainment agent Myron Bolitar last played superhero. In six years he hasn't thrown a punch. He hasn't held, much less fired, a gun. All that is about to change... because of a promise. Two neighborhood girls promise him: If they are ever in a bind but are afraid to call their parents, they must call him.
Igraine lives in an old castle with her family, magicians who possess powerful books of magic. On her 12th birthday, Igraine's parents give her a magical suit of armor, but in the process, they are turned into pigs by mistake. Matters get worse when the next-door Baroness's castle is taken over by Osmond the Greedy, who wants to take the magical books.
Martin Jones is chased by the police because his former boss, Professor North, has accused him of stealing $50,000 from the Anthropology Society. Inside the bookstore, he meets a former teacher from his days at Meredith Academy; Leonidas Witherall, "the man who looks like Shakespeare", who had lost all his money in the stock market crash of 1929. The bookstore's new owner is a pretty young redhead of Jones's acquaintance.
Leonidas Witherall, "the man who looks like Shakespeare", is knocked down by a car. He awakens in the home of Bennington Brett, a former pupil, who is sitting stabbed in front of him. Witheringall assembles a crew including the dead man's secretary, the lovely Miss Dallas Tring, two neighbors and Mrs. Price.
Leonidas Witherall, "the man who looks like Shakespeare", is returning to his new house, which he's never seen. His new home includes a kitchen filled with red appliances, a library with ladders, and a garage complete with the pickaxed corpse of Medora. Leonidas assembles a gang of assistants, including dotty housewife Cassie Price and former car thief Cuff.
Leonidas Witherall, "the man who looks like Shakespeare", is stepping off a bus after having been accused of bothering a beautiful young woman in a scarlet wimple. He takes refuge in a hardware store run by a former student, Lincoln Potter. Potter is inclined to be helpful, until the Wimpernel's purse is discovered in Witheral's pocket.
Leonidas Witherall, "the man who looks like Shakespeare", returns home from shepherding some students on an Egg Day outing to find his house ransacked. He enlists the assistance of plucky Luzzy Jenkins and oafish soldier Goldie to investigate, among other things, the affairs of Goldie's general.
Leonidas Witherall, "the man who looks like Shakespeare", is off to Haymaker's Department Store to retrieve his umbrella at the Lost and Found. While answering a call for his services as an air raid warden, he decides to call on Mr. Haymaker himself to complain, only to find Haymaker stabbed with a samurai sword. He enlists the assistance of Constance "Pink" Lately, a housewife clutching a Lady Baltimore cake, and many of the participants in a "Victory Swap Meet"
Leonidas Witherall, "the man who looks like Shakespeare", is writing the final words of the latest adventure of Lieutenant Hazeltine when his housekeeper Mrs. Mullet interrupts to offer her "candied opinion" The next interruption is two men who deliver an unwanted deep freeze and leave, followed by a blonde in an evening gown and an orchid corsage who mistakenly serenades him with "Happy Birthday" The deep freeze proves to contain the dead body of Ernest Finger, the French teacher at Meredith's Academy.
Leonidas Witherall, "the man who looks like Shakespeare", is writing the latest adventure of Lieutenant Hazeltine when his housekeeper Mrs. Mullet interrupts. He then prepares to leave for a dinner to which he's been invited in his persona as a bank director. Upon arrival at Balderston's, he finds the banker has been bashed with a bronze bust of Shakespeare. Assisted by plucky housewife Liz Copley and gang of other assistants, he tracks down a missing dinosaur footprint, a copy of Tamerlane, the bank documents and the murderer.
Daisy Tower is 67, the widow of a former governor, and for the last year has undergone the untender attentions of her nephew Egleston and his overbearing wife Elfrida. She stows away in a laundry truck headed for Boston, but it doesn't really explain how she finds herself confronting a dead body aboard the private train of Conrad Cassell.
Queen Dresden must protect John Marcone, Chicago's crime lord, or die. Mab gave the White Council the right-of-way through the Winter portions of Nevernever. Dresden doesn't know what he's done to antagonize the Summer Court. He needs to find out and make amends before it's the death of him.
Theodolinda "Dol" Bonner is half of the Bonner and Raffray Detective Agency. She claims to have been "inoculated against" men and has no use for them, even her perennial suitor, newspaperman Len Chisholm.
The book opens over Reno, Nevada, the principal location for most of the stories. Clark describes the city as a scene, composed of several themes brought about by the physical structures of the city's districts. The vast majority of the book's elements are introduced by way of the primary character, Tim Hazard, and it is with him that the human narrative of the story begins.
Jack is kicked out of his house after freeing Pega, with the silver he received from past adventures but hid from his angry father. He now lives with the Bard. The Bard calls for a "need fire", a ceremony that must be performed by a young girl. Lucy, Jack's younger sister, is to be the girl, but she breaks the bard's rules. Lucy is kidnapped by the Lady of the Lake.
Sophie and Josh Newman are 15&nbsp;year-old twins who are working at their summer jobs in San Francisco. A mysterious man, John Dee, comes into Josh's workplace for a book, the Codex - or Book of Abraham the Mage. If they do not retrieve the Codex, Dee will summon the Dark Elders to destroy the world and return to an age in which humans are but slaves and food.
Blatty's tale concerns John "Wrong-Way" Goldfarb, a former college football star who once ran 95 yards for a touchdown in the wrong direction. The comic spoof of the Cold War was inspired by a May 1960 incident involving American Francis Gary Powers.
Edgar Wibeau's father left when Edgar was five. After Edgar's death at the age of 17, his father wants to know who his son was. The young rebel isn't successful as an artist and thinks that he's underestimated by the people a bit. Edgar secretly tries to build the machine by himself at his alcove.
David Limpert is a nine-year-old boy with no mother. His mother, Carolyn Sue Limpert, died when she slipped on a wet floor and fell down the stairs. David becomes quiet and sensitive about his mother's death. He becomes friends with Primrose, a ruthless 13 year old girl who defies all rules.
The novel is a fantasy alternate history combining vampires, the Medicis, and English politics. Edward IV is on the throne of England, but in this alternate world, medieval Europe is dominated by the threat from the Byzantine Empire. A mercenary, the exiled heir to the Byzantine throne, a young woman physician forced to flee Florence, and a Welsh wizard wage an intrigue-filled campaign.
Delia Brand, the protagonist, is a beautiful young woman living in tiny Cody, Wyoming. Delia is determined to avenge the tragic deaths of her parents; her prospector father's by shooting and her mother's suicide from grief. When she believes she knows the culprit, she buys some cartridges and announces her intention to shoot a man.
Dannerman is interrogated by the American government and representatives of the United Nations. He learns more about the Horch, the Beloved Leaders, and other species involved in their war. He collects information and technology, while looking for an opportunity to return to Earth and warn humanity about the coming of theBeloved Leaders.